---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.10.0
layout: redirect
---

### Apama correlator version

This release of Cumulocity IoT Streaming Analytics includes the Apama version 10.7.2 correlator. See also [What's New In Apama 10.7.2](https://documentation.softwareag.com/onlinehelp/Rohan/Apama/v10-7/apama10-7/apama-webhelp/index.html#page/apama-webhelp%2Fco-WhaNewInApa_1072_top.html) in the Apama documentation.

### Improvements for time zone support

In smart rules (and also in the Text Substitution block, see below), it is now possible to specify a time zone for `#{time}` substitutions, in the format `#{time:TZ=America/New_York}`.
See also [Cockpit > Smart rules collection](/users-guide/cockpit/#smart-rules-collection) in the *User guide*.

You can now use a tenant option to set the time zone used for `on all at` timers. To set the tenant option, specify the `microservice.runtime` category and the `timezone` key. 
This tenant option is only read when the microservice starts. If the tenant option is changed, the microservice only picks this up on the next microservice subscription. 
See also [Advanced features > Listeners](/apama/advanced/#Listeners) in the *Streaming Analytics guide*.

### Improvements in Analytics Builder

The documentation for [Analytics Builder](https://documentation.softwareag.com/apama/Analytics_Builder/pab10-10-0/apama-pab-webhelp/index.html), including release notes, 
is available separately. For your convenience, the release notes from the above documentation are also given below:

- The Text Substitution block now supports time zone values. You can now specify a `:TZ=<timezone>` suffix to use a different time zone, 
for example, `#{time:TZ=America/New_York}` to use the time zone for New York.

