---
weight: 110
title: 10.6.10.0
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Actility</td>
<td > New advanced settings have been introduced for the Java Microservice SDK that allow the developer to alter the connection pool settings.
These settings can be considered to be used if the request/connection times out or no route to host exceptions are being experienced for the requests to the microservice. These settings should only be altered where the network environment is fully understood. 
<br><br>The following properties, which can be specified in the microservice's property file, are available:
<br>"C8Y.httpClient.httpReadTimeout" (default: 180000 in ms)
<br>"C8Y.httpClient.pool.enabled" (default: true)
<br>"C8Y.httpClient.pool.perHost" (default: 50)
<br>"C8Y.httpClient.pool.max" (default: 100)
<br>"C8Y.httpClient.pool.awaitTimeout" (default: 10000 in ms)

<br><br>Actility microservice:
<br>The httpClient configurations for concurrent request limit to the Cumulocity IoT host (C8Y.httpClient.pool.perHost) and maximum number of connection limit (C8Y.httpClient.pool.max) have increased by default with the following setting in the microservice's property file:

<br>C8Y.httpClient.pool.perHost=120
<br>C8Y.httpClient.pool.max=240 </td>
<td>
MTM-32602</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > To improve performance, in the sub-assets view of group details, the objects are now fetched from inventory using the childAssets endpoint instead of advanced querying (in-group). </td>
<td>
MTM-32441</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > To improve performance, the group assignment widget now uses the "withChildren:false" parameter in calls to inventory.</td>
<td>
MTM-32032</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The Leshan Demo client version has been updated from 1.0.0-M13 to 1.0.1. </td>
<td>
MTM-32930</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The pmax attribute has been removed so that devices are no longer forced to send a notification (observe response) every 10 seconds on firmware update. </td>
<td>
MTM-32979</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > To facilitate the processing of OPC UA values transmitted as events, a new fragment containing the value has been added to the event: c8y_ua_DataValue.</td>
<td>
MTM-29823</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Alarms produced by failed HTTP post actions can now be aggregated and sent to the Cumulocity IoT platform in a configurable fixed delay. </td>
<td>
MTM-32596</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > It is now possible to map a UA alarm severity into a Cumulocity IoT alarm severity. </td>
<td>
MTM-31147</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > For OPC UA mappings, the alarm and event type can now have placeholders for selected attributes by using their index. </td>
<td>
MTM-31146</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cloud Remote Access</td>
<td > The websocket connection URL has been fixed. It now uses the domain name instead of the tenant ID. </td>
<td>
MTM-33062</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The CSV file for bulk device registration cannot have duplicated standard (not custom) columns. In that case an error will be returned.</td>
<td>
MTM-31884</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Jasper</td>
<td > Fixed issue where SMS details in the <b>Connectivity</b> tab of a device did not expand.</td>
<td>
MTM-31295</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > sms-gateway no longer returns an error when the "receiptRequest" element is not provided in the request.</td>
<td>
MTM-32957</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > Adding a new group will now be reflected in the groups detail view without further need to reload.</td>
<td>
MTM-31157</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > The title on the child devices tab is now displayed correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-32769</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

