---
weight: 100
title: 10.6.11.0
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Actility</td>
<td > Optimized indices containing time data to improve the performance of operations such as query and insert. </td>
<td>
MTM-30879</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > Improved the performance of the navigator groups items by changing how the inventory API is called to fetch managed objects. </td>
<td>
MTM-32870</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > In the view for root level groups the number of children for a group is no longer displayed by default but only shown on mouseover. </td>
<td>
MTM-32452</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > In the group assignment widget under device details, the list of available groups is now only retrieved when the user expands the dropdown. </td>
<td>
MTM-32462</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The default page size for the device list is now 40. </td>
<td>
MTM-32458</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > It is now possible to map object No. 4 into a measurement with c8y_SignalStrength. </td>
<td>
MTM-32929</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The IntegrationResource shell in the LWM2M agent has been removed. </td>
<td>
MTM-29243</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sensor app</td>
<td > The sensor app wizard has been updated with new links for Google Play Store and Apple App Store. Moreover, the paragraph on data-capturing has been updated. </td>
<td>
MTM-32956</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > The monitoring alarm message in case of missing credentials now contains informative text. </td>
<td>
MTM-22454</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > Hex-string validation has been added in the microservice for ID and PAC.<br>
The hex-string value of the device ID from the device registration form is saved in uppercase to avoid being considered as 2 different devices for the microservice. </td>
<td>
MTM-20893</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

