---
weight: 90
title: 10.6.12.0
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > On the root groups views, the query to inventory uses the flags onlyRoots=true and withChildren=false.
This results in improved performance. </td>
<td>
MTM-32450</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The legacy configuration view has been migrated into the new configuration feature. </td>
<td>
MTM-33296</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Netcomm Agent</td>
<td > NetComm Agent Version 1.1.0 has been released, including the following updates:<br>
- The device type has been renamed to NTC-220 Agent (previously POSIX Agent).<br>
- Predefined commands are now available on the <b>Shell</b> tab (requires version 10.6.6 or later).<br>
The following fixes have been made:
<br>- Allow Ethernet WAN and USB WAN connection as well as cellular WAN.
<br>- Fixed the issue that the agent updates its position with different intervals from the configured ones.
<br>- Fixed a Modbus plugin issue that the agent continues to send measurements after slaves are unavailable. </td>
<td>
MTM-33746</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The default configuration file packaged in the JAR is now fully commented. </td>
<td>
MTM-33266</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The calendar is no longer cut when the browser's window height is small.</td>
<td>
MTM-31424</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Removed placeholder 'seconds' as the values are referring to the actual measurement values and not to a timespan. Disabled HTML default validation (not required) due to which data entered by the user was saved even though error messages were shown.  </td>
<td>
MTM-33108</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The measurement and alarm timestamp is now taken from the first non-empty value of the following timestamps in the respective order: source timestamp, server timestamp and current timestamp.</td>
<td>
MTM-33648</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
