---
weight: 120
title: 10.6.7.0 - 10.6.9.0
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The configuration repository functionality has been enhanced. It is now possible to specify a configuration type. Moreover, the configuration repository now provides a list view, which shows the new configuration type and also allows the user to filter for configurations. If a device has the "c8y_SupportedConfigurations" fragment with a list of supported configuration types, it can have multiple configurations.<br> For details, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/users-guide/device-management#configuration repository" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Managing device data > Configuration repository</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32117</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Dynamic groups that are in fact just managed objects with the fragment "c8y_IsDynamicGroup" can now get extended to be invisible in the UI. To do so, the "c8y_IsDynamicGroup" object within the JSON needs to look like this:<br> "c8y_IsDynamicGroup": { "invisible": {} }. If the managed object includes the fragment like this it won't be rendered within the navigator and also not in the groups' view.</td>
<td>
MTM-32643</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Boolean values are mapped to measurements (false as 0 and true as 1). </td>
<td>
MTM-32379</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > LWM2M now uses the latest Microservice SDK. The agent framework has completely been removed. <br>
Verify if the firmware update object mapping exists before executing Firmware Over The Air (FOTA). If it does not exist, the operation will fail. </td>
<td>
MTM-31461</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Processing mode support has been added for the OPC UA device protocol event, alarm and measurement value mappings. It is possible to define one processing mode for the device protocol and also override the processing mode for any event, alarm, measurement value mapping. If the processing mode is not defined then all the mappings will be saved in regular persistent mode.<br>
At the moment, the feature is only available via Rest API by using device protocol endpoints.<br>
Supported processing modes are PERSISTENT, TRANSIENT, QUIESCENT, CEP for measurement and event and only PERSISTENT for alarm mappings. If the given processing mode is not supported for the mapping then a warning log is given in the opcua-device-gateway logs when the device type is being applied and the default mode (PERSISTENT) is selected for those mappings. </td>
<td>
MTM-30895</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Updated text from "device type" to "device protocol" in auto-apply constraints fields and description. </td>
<td>
MTM-32633</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The OPC UA device protocol plugin implicitly sets the measurement mappings' fragment name with the user-given measurement type which makes opcua-device-gateway to use this value as the measurement fragment name instead of auto-generating the name based on the node ID. The <b>Measurement</b> tab of the device displays the fragment name as the title for the measurement. </td>
<td>
MTM-32635</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > Null value properties have been removed from unprocessed Sigfox data events. </td>
<td>
MTM-31809</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > The error message upon unauthorized access to the Sigfox platform shows more meaningful content now. </td>
<td>
MTM-22451</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Actility</td>
<td > Improved HAProxy configuration to allow more concurrent connections.</td>
<td>
MTM-31229</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td >  There is no longer an error when unsubscribing a device from a group.</td>
<td>
MTM-32211</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Simulator</td>
<td > The <b>Simulator</b> menu item is now only shown in the navigator if the "Device-simulator" application is subscribed.</td>
<td>
MTM-31872</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M object details page now displays the correct content when navigating between instances of the same object.</td>
<td>
MTM-32220</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > An error when reading LWM2M connectivity monitoring /4 has been resolved.</td>
<td>
MTM-32831</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > LWM2M bootstrap parameters can now be seen on the device details page.</td>
<td>
MTM-32654</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

