---
weight: 40
title: Changes 10.7.1.0 - 10.7.15.0
layout: bundle
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The performance in the tenant list view has been improved, specifically perceptible with larger number of tenants.
The improvements have been achieved by progressively rendering the tenants on scroll. </td>
<td>
MTM-34032</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Audit logs are created when a bulk operation has been changed. </td>
<td>
MTM-33153</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication </td>
<td > After changing the login mode or the TOTP strategy, users can cancel the operation if they don't want to be logged out. </td>
<td>
MTM-36126</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > Device statistics are now included (counted) for all processing modes. </td>
<td>
MTM-34968</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > Request counting in SmartREST and MQTT is now more consistent. The behaviour now matches that for the REST interface. For details see, <a href="https://cumulocity.com/api/#tag/Tenants" class="no-ajaxy">Tenant</a> in the <em>Cumulocity IoT OpenAPI Specification</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-32970</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > The /tenant/limit/* endpoints for request counting have been removed. </td>
<td>
MTM-34836</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
CEP (Esper)</td>
<td > CEP Esper was upgraded to Java 11. </td>
<td>
MTM-34536</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
CEP (Esper)</td>
<td > Customers who are still using CEL (Esper) as a CEP engine will receive an alarm once a day which informs about the deprecation of the service. </td>
<td>
MTM-34751</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Certificates </td>
<td > Information about operations on trusted certificates is now available in the audit logs. A new record with information about action is added when the user adds, updates, or deletes the certificate. </td>
<td>
MTM-34429</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cloud Remote Access</td>
<td > Cloud Remote Access now supports TFA. </td>
<td>
MTM-31977</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cloud Remote Access</td>
<td > A Swagger UI for Cloud Remote Access is available at <a href="https://{tenant-domain}/service/remoteaccess/api/swagger" class="no-ajaxy">https://{tenant-domain}/service/remoteaccess/api/swagger</a>. An Open API specification is available at <a href="https://{tenant-domain}/service/remoteaccess/api/docs" class="no-ajaxy">https://{tenant-domain}/service/remoteaccess/api/docs</a> and at <a href="https://{tenant-domain}/service/remoteaccess/api/docs.yaml" class="no-ajaxy">https://{tenant-domain}/service/remoteaccess/api/docs.yaml.</a> </td>
<td>
MTM-35980</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > All reports are now displayed under a separate <b>Reports</b> menu item in the navigator. You can create, update and delete reports from this page. The reports look & feel has been updated to align with the dashboards. Also, it is now possible to configure a report to become a top-level navigator menu item.
The <b>Exports</b> menu item has been moved under the <b>Configuration</b> menu. The Welcome widget now shows both <b>Exports</b> and <b>Reports</b> quicklinks while the <b>Data point library</b> quicklink has been removed. <!--(add link to documentation)--> </td>
<td>
MTM-31542</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The Alarm REST API has been extended with an additional "query" parameter. Added support for passing multiple statuses/severities/types when querying alarms. </td>
<td>
MTM-35304</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core </td>
<td > The ngx-bootstrap library has been upgraded to version 5.6.1 </td>
<td>
MTM-33919</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core </td>
<td > Nexus components have been updated to the latest version (3.28) in the online and offline installation.</td>
<td>
MTM-35657</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core </td>
<td > A common ip_hash switcher is now available for both TCP/MQTT and HTTP websocket's /mqtt which is:
node['cumulocity-external-lb']['useMQTThash'] = true|false </td>
<td>
MTM-35972</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The target URL connectivity test during connector creation has been improved to ensure it works correctly in all cases. </td>
<td>
MTM-36786</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Certificates</td>
<td > The documentation about device certificates has been extended, see <a href="/device-sdk/mqtt/#device-certificates" class="no-ajaxy">Device integration using MQTT > Device certificates</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-35717</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Text-based configurations are now shown on a sub-tab in the <b>Configurations</b> tab of a device. </td>
<td>
MTM-33294</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Improved loading time for the service monitoring view, when managing a large number of devices. </td>
<td>
MTM-32460</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td >The list-group component has been improved: "list-item-radio" and "list_item_checkbox" now support [(ngModel)] and "list-item-collapse" has been added. In the Device Management UI, the entries in the Software, Firmware, Configuration and Device Profile repositories can now be expanded/collapsed more conveniently by just clicking the row.  </td>
<td>
MTM-33096</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > An endpoint has been added to allow filtering of bulk operations by time. For details, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/api/#tag/Bulk-operations" class="no-ajaxy">Device control > Bulk operation</a> in the <em>Cumulocity IoT OpenAPI Specification</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-32397</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > In the bulk operation creation dialog, a <b>Title</b> field has been implemented to change the name of the bulk operation. Moreover, a <b>Description</b> field has been added to provide additional information on the bulk operation. See also <a href="/users-guide/device-management/#working-with-operations" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Controlling and monitoring devices > Working with operations</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34920</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Bulk operations now generate a real-time notification (WebSocket notification) similar to real-time notifications generated for the individual operations. </td>
<td>
MTM-33725</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Bulk operations have been extended with a new property "generalStatus". Possible values for general status are: SCHEDULED, CANCELED, EXECUTING, EXECUTING_WITH_ERROR, FAILED and SUCCESSFUL. For details, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/api/#tag/Bulk-operations" class="no-ajaxy">Device control > Bulk operation</a> in the <em>Cumulocity IoT OpenAPI Specification</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33724</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > An endpoint has been added to allow filtering by one or more bulk operation general statuses. For details, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/api/#tag/Bulk-operations" class="no-ajaxy">Device control > Bulk operation</a> in the <em>Cumulocity IoT OpenAPI Specification</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-35298</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > In the <b>Bulk operations</b> tab, the details view of bulk operations now shows the audit log. Moreover, the <b>Audit logs</b> page in the Administration application has a filter type for bulk operations. For details, see <a href="/users-guide/monitoring-and-controlling-devices/#operation-monitoring" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Monitoring and controlling devices > Working with operations </a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34957</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The <b>Bulk operations</b> tab is now updated in realtime. The <b>Refresh</b> button has been removed. </td>
<td>
MTM-34922</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Devices for bulk operations can now be filtered by group. For details, see <a href="/users-guide/monitoring-and-controlling-devices/#operation-monitoring" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Monitoring and controlling devices > Working with operations </a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-31154</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management </td>
<td > If a bulk operations fails, the user can now manually set the status to successful. </td>
<td>
MTM-35729</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management </td>
<td > Devices for bulk operations can now be filtered by groups and subgroups via checkboxes. For details, see &lt;a href="/users-guide/device-management/#operation-monitoring" class="no-ajaxy"&gt;Device Management &gt; Monitoring and controlling devices &gt; Working with operations &lt;/a&gt; in the &lt;em&gt;User guide&lt;/em&gt;. </td>
<td>
MTM-34916</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring</td>
<td > Metrics about the number of devices in the cache for every availability status has been added. </td>
<td>
MTM-34753</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring </td>
<td > Information about device connections and server's truststore are now exposed by prometheus metrics. </td>
<td>
MTM-34430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring</td>
<td > Devices are now immediately marked as unavailable when the response interval expires.  Alarms will be raised after 3 minutes delay to be sure that the state of the devices is synchronized within the database. </td>
<td>
MTM-34737</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > A new <em>Linux Agent User guide</em> and <em>Linux Agent Developer guide</em> are available in the <a href="/device-sdk/introduction/" class="no-ajaxy"><em>Device SDK guide</em></a>.
</td>
<td>
MTM-32626</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > When loading tenant usage statistics, the user timezone information is now taken into account. Prior to this change all statistics were loaded in UTC timezone. Now, when the user is located in a different timezone (e.g. Australia), the result may be loaded for a different day. See also <a href="/users-guide/enterprise-edition/#usage-and-billing" class="no-ajaxy">Enterprise Tenant > Usage statistics and billing</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-35137</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Loriot LoRa</td>
<td > A new role ROLE_LORIOT_ADMIN has been defined for the Loriot endpoint. The user must be assigned to this role to be able to access this endpoint. </td>
<td>
MTM-35677</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Loriot LoRa</td>
<td > In the device details, a new <b>LPWAN</b> tab shows up for all Loriot Lora devices. In this tab, you can select a device protocol for the device from a dropdown list. </td>
<td>
MTM-33058</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > A new parameter,  C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout, has been introduced to allow the request timeout to be set at the individual device.  The default value is 10 minutes. The lwm2mRequestTimeout specified at the device managed object and the global C8Y.lwm2mRequestTimeout should always be  less than the C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout value. The order in which these timeouts are used is: first lwm2mRequestTimeout and if that is not defined then the global lwm2mRequestTimeout value is used. </td>
<td>
MTM-34081</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M agent creates events with specific event types during the device bootstrap and registration process.<br>
<b>Bootstrap event types:</b><br>
c8y_LWM2MDeviceBootstrapStart<br>
c8y_LWM2MDeviceBootstrapEnd<br>
c8y_LWM2MDeviceBootstrapFailure<br>
<b>Registration event types:</b><br>
c8y_LWM2MDeviceRegistration<br>
c8y_LWM2MDeviceDeRegistration<br>
c8y_LWM2MDeviceRegistrationUpdate </td>
<td>
MTM-33392</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M device client awake time can now be defined in the device managed object if the device does not send it during registration. Preference is given to the client awake time (awaketimeRegistrationParameter) defined in the device managed object. </td>
<td>
MTM-34152</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M </td>
<td > Explanation has been added to the documentation, why the Credentials field in the LWM2M bulk registration CSV is mandatory and why & how it has to be unique, see <a href="/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#register-device" class="no-ajaxy">LWM2M > Registering LWM2M devices</a> in the <em>Protocol integration guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-35316</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Only the managed object ID will be logged to the log files instead of the whole managed object. </td>
<td>
MTM-34994</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > A new flag "firmwareDeliveryEncoding" has been implemented whose value can be used as the content format during firmware push. By default the content format is OPAQUE. </td>
<td>
MTM-34907</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The  LWM2M agent fails starved LWM2M operations after a certain age (configurable) using a scheduled job (interval also configurable). The mechanism can be turned on an off in the agent configuration. For detail, see <a href="/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#device-details" class="no-ajaxy">LWM2M > LWM2M device details</a> in the <em>Protocol integration guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34214</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Added support for old content format codes: TLV (1542) and JSON (1543). </td>
<td>
MTM-36250</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Regrouped the fragment names with the relevant class names.</td>
<td>
MTM-35349</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M </td>
<td > Improved the documentation within the cumulocity-examples repositories on how to implement custom LWM2M decoders, see <a href=" https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/sample-lwm2m-custom-decoder/" class="no-ajaxy"> https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/sample-lwm2m-custom-decoder/</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-36391</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > The following third-party libraries have been updated to the latest version:<br>
commons-beanutils-1.9.3.jar -&gt; 1.9.4<br>
guava-20.0.jar -&gt; 29.0-jre<br>
jackson-databind-2.9.9.jar -&gt; 2.11.2<br>
spring-security-core-4.2.13.RELEASE.jar -&gt; 5.2.5.RELEASE<br>
spring-security-web-4.2.13.RELEASE.jar  -&gt; 5.2.5.RELEASE<br>
tomcat-embed-core-8.5.43.jar -&gt; 9.0.36<br>
tomcat-embed-websocket-8.5.43.jar -&gt; 9.0.36 </td>
<td>
MTM-34272; MTM-33609</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > In the cumulocity-examples repository in Bitbucket, a new C# microservice example (smart thermometer) has been added: <a href=" https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-clients-cs/src/develop/Examples/MicroserviceSDK/Hello-World-Extension-Microservice/" class="no-ajaxy"> https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-clients-cs/src/develop/Examples/MicroserviceSDK/Hello-World-Extension-Microservice/</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-28374</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > In the cumulocity-examples repository in Bitbucket you can find a sample Cumulocity IoT microservice written in Kotlin that uses the Microservice SDK. See <a href=" https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/microservices/hello-kotlin/" class="no-ajaxy"> https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/microservices/hello-kotlin/</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34311</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices </td>
<td > The Microservice SDK JavaDoc has been updated at <a href=" http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/javasdk/1007.5.0/" class="no-ajaxy"> http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/javasdk/1007.5.0/</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34072</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td > To improve reliability and atomicity, the tenant is updated partially (only the field that changes) instead of doing full tenant entity override. </td>
<td>
MTM-35863</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > Requests made with JSON via MQTT are counted to the tenant statistics. For details see, <a href="https://cumulocity.com/api/#tag/Tenants" class="no-ajaxy">Tenant</a> in the <em>Cumulocity IoT OpenAPI Specification</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34123</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The dry run operation now allows the user to determine the set of nodes to which a device protocol would be applied by the gateway. </td>
<td>
MTM-32855</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Alarms for bad status codes that are populated by the OPC UA device gateway now contain status code information for the alarm type and a text description. </td>
<td>
MTM-30482</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The JSON validation for the body template in OPC UA device protocols custom actions has been removed. Below the text area, an information text is now available showing the possible placeholders that can be used to pass data into the body. The body template is marked as "required" which means that this field is mandatory. Any validation errors will replace the information text with the validation error message. After fixing the validation error the information text will pop up again. </td>
<td>
MTM-34385</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > When deleting a server from the OPC UA server tab of the device gateway in the Device Management application, which uses the opcua-mgmt-service REST API endpoint and equivalent to DELETE /service/opcua-mgmt-service/servers/{serverId}, the server and its corresponding address space nodes are deleted. The devices associated with the server are not deleted automatically. </td>
<td>
MTM-32857</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Bulk cyclic read support has been added for OPC UA. </td>
<td>
MTM-35309</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Added support for mapping a boolean value node to a Cumulocity IoT measurement. </td>
<td>
MTM-29922</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > It is now possible to specify how the alarm status should be mapped from an OPC UA server to Cumulocity IoT by using regular expressions. </td>
<td>
MTM-35392</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > An operation has been added to read a file from the OPC UA server and upload it to Cumulocity IoT. </td>
<td>
MTM-24410</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > A retry mechanism has been implemented for failed custom actions. For details on the configuration, see "Custom action retry mechanism on external server failure" in <a href="/protocol-integration/opcua/#device-protocols/" class="no-ajaxy">OPC UA > Device protocols</a> and "Additional customizations" in <a href="/protocol-integration/opcua/#gateway-register" class="no-ajaxy">OPC UA > Gateway configuration and registration</a> in the <em>Protocol integration guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33605</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > OPC UA history read batch sizes can now be configured in the operations, see "Historic read" in <a href="/protocol-integration/opcua/#operations/" class="no-ajaxy">OPC UA > Operations</a> in the <em>Protocol integration guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-30364</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > UA alarm severity mappings can be configured in the OPC UA server managed object. </td>
<td>
MTM-35656</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Added performance tuning tips for OPC UA, see <a href="/protocol-integration/opcua/#running-gateway" class="no-ajaxy">OPC UA > Running the gateway</a> in the <em>Protocol integration guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-35609</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SmartREST</td>
<td > A new MQTT static template has been added: "Set device profile that is being applied" (121), see <a href="/device-sdk/mqtt/#mqtt-static-templates" class="no-ajaxy">Device integration using MQTT > MQTT static templates</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34503</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > <a href="/bics.com" class="no-ajaxy">bics.com</a> has been added as a new SMS provider to the SMS gateway. </td>
<td>
MTM-33890</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > The SMS gateway now supports using Comarch as SMS provider. </td>
<td>
MTM-34939</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td >The sms-gateway microservice now provides an endpoint to configure supported providers.<!--(add link to documentation-->)</td>
<td>
MTM-35323</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > The sms-gateway microservice now provides an endpoint to remove all SMS provider configurations.<!--(add link to documentation)--> </td>
<td>
MTM-35327</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > The sms-gateway microservice now provides an endpoint to read the currently active SMS provider and its configuration. <!--(add link to documentation)--></td>
<td>
MTM-35326</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice </td>
<td >The SMS provider page has been updated and new providers are now available. <!--(add link to documentation)--></td>
<td>
MTM-35493</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SNMP</td>
<td > Validation error messages are shown as a tool tip on hovering over the element. </td>
<td>
MTM-31791</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > The administrator can now enforce TOTP for other users. </td>
<td>
MTM-33430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI </td>
<td > New placeholders for tenant ID, username and password have been added in the <b>Login</b> screen. </td>
<td>
MTM-34011</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A new property "i18Extra" is available for the application options to add custom translations. </td>
<td>
MTM-31545</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The save functionality on the config component has been extended, custom widgets can now fire a life-cycle-hook (onBeforeSave) before a configuration is saved. </td>
<td>
MTM-35430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Client services for SMS-gateway provider definitions and configurations are available in the <code>@c8y/ngx-components</code> package. </td>
<td>
MTM-35489</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The spinner component is now available in the <code>CommonModule</code> in <code>@c8y/ngx-components</code>: &lt;c8y-loading&gt;&lt;/c8y-loading&gt; </td>
<td>
MTM-35840</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A <code>DynamicFormsModule</code> has been added to <code>@c8y/ngx-components</code> to generate forms without HTML template, only based on configuration. Supported configuration schemas are JSON schema and Formly schema. Examples can be found in the <code>tutorial</code> application. </td>
<td>
MTM-35490</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Information has been added to the documentation on the default Content Security Policy used for applications and on hints how to override it. See  <a href="/web/angular/#applications" class="no-ajaxy">Web SDK for Angular > Application options</a> in the <em>Web SDK guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33673</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The tenant option sms77.api.key  is now prefixed with "credentials." implicitly in order to fetch the correct option value.</td>
<td>
MTM-34362</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the user list, the option "Copy inventory roles from" for a current user is now available.</td>
<td>
MTM-34976</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The email template for data export now resolves the {tenant-domain} placeholder and line breaks correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-34632</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The menu item for the SMS provider setting is now only visible in the navigator if the microservice for the SMS functionality (sms-gateway) is subscribed to the corresponding tenant.</td>
<td>
MTM-35261</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > All input fields in the detail view of an application in Applications &gt; Subscribed applications are now read-only since the whole form is not saveable (you cannot edit applications owned by the parent tenant).</td>
<td>
MTM-35128</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td > Fixed issue where the Two-factor authentication (TFA) options could be selected even if TFA was disabled. The TFA option checkboxes are now disabled if TFA is not enabled.</td>
<td>
MTM-35967</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td > The QR code for the TOTP configuration is now generated by JS framework instead of Google Api.</td>
<td>
MTM-35526</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > Edge-hosted C# microservices will now be able to communicate with platform endpoints.</td>
<td>
MTM-35043</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cloud Remote Access</td>
<td > A new SmartREST template <code>c8y_RemoteAccessConnect</code> has been added to establish tunneling by the Remote Access device agent, see also <a href="/device-sdk/mqtt/#mqtt-static-templates" class="no-ajaxy">Device integration using MQTT > MQTT static templates</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-35819</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed style rendering issue on the "Relay" widget switch button.</td>
<td>
MTM-34312</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Resolved an issue where SCADA widgets were not rendered correctly, which was caused by old data stored on dashboards.</td>
<td>
MTM-34303</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Filtering in the events list widget no longer ignores the event type set by the user.</td>
<td>
MTM-34482</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The radial graph has 11 ticks correctly calculated irrespective of max and min limits.</td>
<td>
MTM-28545</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Copying a dashboard from one device to another will now show the correct source.</td>
<td>
MTM-33042</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Child devices are shown as device assets in the navigator.</td>
<td>
MTM-31778</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > In the data point chart, strict values will change with the values on the Y axis.</td>
<td>
MTM-34594</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Deleted dashboards now show the correct dashboard name in the <b>Audit Logs</b> page instead of "null".</td>
<td>
MTM-33863</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Improved reliability of loading indicator in the "Data point table" widget, which is now only shown when data is still being loaded.</td>
<td>
MTM-33647</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed issue with real-time updates of events/alarms in the "Data point graph" widget.</td>
<td>
MTM-32852</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The maximum defined decimal places in the "Info gauge" widget and the "Radial gauge" widget is 10.</td>
<td>
MTM-34818</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Export schedules are now correctly saved with the export configuration when clicking <b>Save</b> or <b>Save and close</b>. Any change to the schedules will enable these buttons again. The deletion of a schedule can now be reverted by clicking <b>Cancel</b> and leaving the export configuration without saving.
<br>A maximum of 2 network requests is required to save the export configuration.</td>
<td>
MTM-34660</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The behaviour of the "Scroll lock" toggle in the "Data point table" widget has been clarified by changing its label to <b>Auto-scroll</b> and adding a tooltip, see <a href="/users-guide/cockpit/#widgets" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Widgets collection</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34173</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The error message that shows up when a data-broker connector cannot be created now includes details, e.g. the SSL certificate problem with the destination URL.</td>
<td>
MTM-35686</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > A <b>Load more</b> button has been added to the child devices view for displaying larger numbers of devices.</td>
<td>
MTM-34473</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > While sending the event binary in chunks, and the final chunk reveals that the total file is too big, the whole operation is rolled back, and all previously stored chunks are removed correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-32794</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The performance of the device details page has been improved.</td>
<td>
MTM-35544</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Fixed an issue where the <b>Measurement</b> tab in the device details sometimes was not shown.</td>
<td>
MTM-35140</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > In the search result page when users click the <b>Add group</b> link they will now be able to enter a group name and create a group from the listed devices.</td>
<td>
MTM-35089</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > Updated documentation for an edge case when loading managed objects without inventory role, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/api/#tag/Managed-objects" class="no-ajaxy">Inventory > Managed objects</a> in the <em>Cumulocity IoT OpenAPI Specification</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33763</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > Updated the list of non-editable fields in the subtenants <b>Properties</b> tab in the documentation, see <a href="/enterprise-edition/managing-tenants/" class="no-ajaxy">Enterprise Tenant > Managing tenants</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-35001</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > The description of the smart rules behavior has been updated to achieve more clarity, see <a href="/cockpit/smart-rules/" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Smart rules</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-35582</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise tenant</td>
<td > In the <b>Branding</b> page it is no longer possible to upload a non-supported file format; you can now only upload image files.</td>
<td>
MTM-29627</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Impact</td>
<td > Requests from the Impact microservice to Nokia Impact now contain accept headers including UTF-8 encoding. This ensures that the correct encoding is returned in all cases.</td>
<td>
MTM-34104</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > The filtering of real-time operations has been modified. Empty messages are no longer returned when there is no permission to read.</td>
<td>
MTM-31981</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > For push-based FOTA the read to /5/0/8 has been removed. This improves compatibility with LWM2M devices for firmware updates over the air by simplifying one of the internal workflows.</td>
<td>
MTM-34178</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > When upgrading from 10.6.0 to 10.6.6 or later version, the LWM2M observations are preserved.</td>
<td>
MTM-35214</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > LWM2M object models are now stored separately for each tenant and should not get overridden when they are loaded again into the LWM2M agent.</td>
<td>
MTM-35000</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Improved concurrency robustness for operation execution.</td>
<td>
MTM-35070</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > In certain situation, the repeated upload of a LWM2M DDF object failed with the error "Object mapping for objectId: &lt;Number&gt; already exists in database". This issue has been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-34271</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The number of pending operation executions in the post-registration process can now be limited.</td>
<td>
MTM-36082</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The description of the write operation has been added to the documentation, see <a href="/protocol-integration/lwm2m/shell-commands" class="no-ajaxy">LWM2M > Handling LWM2M shell commands</a> in the <em>Protocol integration guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-36488</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservice</td>
<td > It is no longer possible to use space characters in the context path for microservices.</td>
<td>
MTM-29765</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td > Improved MongoDB performance that was impacted when counting documents.</td>
<td>
MTM-35111</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td > The managed object deletion mechanism has been improved. When deleting a huge amount of data it should no longer affect the overall platform performance.</td>
<td>
MTM-31711</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td > The performance of monitoring device availability has been improved. It now works faster when monitoring a large amount of devices.</td>
<td>
MTM-36213</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > Cumulocity IoT core now monitors the direct memory usage and when it reaches the threshold the platform health check will report the node as down and cut off the traffic.</td>
<td>
MTM-35303</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The OPC UA gateway now disconnects from an OPC UA server if there are too many outstanding measurements, events or alarms that have not been pushed to the platform yet. This should prevent "out of memory" issues. However, if an out of memory situation happens, the gateway now cleanly disconnects from the server and exits with an exit status of "1".</td>
<td>
MTM-32856</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The HTTP POST action request body is now UTF-8 encoded.</td>
<td>
MTM-34487</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The device type mappings matching time has been significantly improved for huge address space and device type.</td>
<td>
MTM-35019</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > JMX and SSH are disabled by default for the OPC UA gateway.</td>
<td>
MTM-35178</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The history read operation on an OPC UA server will return the status as FAILED, if the provided "NodeId" for the operation is invalid.</td>
<td>
MTM-30416</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > The error response from the real-time endpoint will not return sensitive server information.</td>
<td>
MTM-34650</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Security</td>
<td > The security for onTopLBs has been improved by introducing OSCP (Online Certificate Status Protocol) to ensure that the certificates are valid.</td>
<td>
MTM-35631</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > "On alarm duration increase severity" smart rule was fixed for multiple devices. Now, when the smart rule monitors multiple devices and first reaches the CRITICAL state, the remaining alarms are still monitored in a separate context.</td>
<td>
MTM-32668</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > Fixed an issue occurring when logging in as a support user when the tenant ID is provided in the user input on the login screen.</td>
<td>
MTM-35125</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 UI </td>
<td > Margin space on checkboxes and radio buttons has been corrected. </td>
<td>
MTM-34401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > Resolved translation error in the German UI when activating the custom domain name in the Enterprise Tenant.</td>
<td>
MTM-29705</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Navigating back to the home dashboard no longer shows an empty dashboard.</td>
<td>
MTM-34992</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the following build error: "ERROR in node_modules/@c8y/ngx-components/core/forms/schema-form.component.d.ts:2:34 - error TS2307: Cannot find module '@angular/upgrade/static'." which occurred in the Angular applications created with Angular CLI and with added @c8y/cli package.</td>
<td>
MTM-34542</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > It is now possible to load custom widgets written in Angular with Cumulocity IoT Web SDK 10.6.x. The correct config-context is now passed to the widgets.</td>
<td>
MTM-35423</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > All components and modules of the core are now exported by the ngx-components.</td>
<td>
MTM-35691</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
