---
weight: 27
title: Changes 10.6.0.21 - 10.6.0.23
layout: bundle
---

<!--includes release notes for the releases 10.6.0.15 - 10.6.0.17-->


### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 10%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A new property "i18Extra" is available for the application options to add custom translations. </td>
<td>
MTM-31545</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 10%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the <b>Inventory</b> tab, a user without relevant permission will no longer see the inventory tree. Moreover, the error message being displayed if a user doesn´t have relevant permissions now shows the correct information. In the <b>Application access</b> tab, a user without relevant permission will no longer be able to edit.</td>
<td>
MTM-33393</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Copying a dashboard from one device to another will now show the correct source.</td>
<td>
MTM-33042</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The error message that shows up when a data-broker connector cannot be created now includes details, e.g. the SSL certificate problem with the destination URL.</td>
<td>
MTM-35686</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > Details on the functionality of the smart rule “On measurement threshold create alarm” have been updated in <a href="/users-guide/cockpit/#smart-rules-collection" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Smart rules collection</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34765</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > In the <b>Branding</b> page it is no longer possible to upload a non-supported file format; you can now only upload image files.</td>
<td>
MTM-29627</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > HTTP POST action request body now is UTF-8 encoded.</td>
<td>
MTM-34487</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Additional validation has been added to check the occurrence of control characters in messages sent by MQTT. 
Allowed characters are "\n \t \r".</td>
<td>
MTM-34174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > On creating or updating a "On measurement threshold create alarm" smart rule, validation of global threshold ranges in the Data Point Library has been added.</td>
<td>
MTM-32926</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > The smart rule “On measurement threshold create alarm” will create an alarm if the configuration is not valid when the rule is executed. </td>
<td>
MTM-34500</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > Changed translation for "Cockpit" in Russian. Added translation for "Cookie" section labels in the branding configuration form.</td>
<td>
MTM-33103</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the issue related to the lastDeviceMessage in the SCADA widget which did not display the occurrence of the last communication. Monitoring is now done on the following APIs: /measurements, /events, /operations, /alarms for last communication occurrence.</td>
<td>
MTM-33322</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


