---
weight: 100
title: Changes 10.5.8.0 - 10.5.11.0
layout: bundle
---

### Improvements

[**Administration**] A new button has been added to the **Archives** page to refresh the hosted applications. [MTM-29313]

[**OPC UA**] Performance improvements when using read/write operations. [MTM-29868]

[**Sigfox/LoRa**] The **Message ID** label in the **Device protocols** page has been changed to **Message type ID**. [MTM-29820]

[**Data Broker**] Connectors are now suspended immediately after the tenant is disabled. [MTM-29544]

[**Data Broker**] Data broker queues are now removed if the tenant is deleted or is no longer subscribed to the feature. [MTM-24254]

[**LWM2M**] Default COAP thread size has been increased to 50. [MTM-29676]

[**Microservices**] Microservice SDK now supports Java 11. [MTM-29302]

[**REST**] Default “pageSize” parameter value when requesting groups list has been reduced to 20. [MTM-29419]

[**REST**] There is a new parameter available for requests “ ?dateTo={date}&limit={limit}”. It is no longer required to provide “TO” dates as a parameter. [MTM-28815]

[**REST**] Severity parameter can now be added to alarm API calls. [MTM-29646]

[**Various**] The TOTP feature is now available for all tenants. For more info, see [Administration > Two-factor authentication](https://cumulocity.com/guides/users-guide/administration/#tfa).[MTM-30016]

[**Various**]  New optional algorithm for computing “per tenant limit of in-memory queues” has been implemented. [MTM-29046] The new algorithm is:   

**tenant_size = max(total_size/tenant_count; dedicated_size)**

- "tenant_size" - The max size of queue for a single tenant.
- "total_size" - max size of queue for all tenants defined in the properties file.
- "tenant_count" - Number of subqueues which is the number of tenants subscribed to the feature.
- "dedicates_size" - Optional value defined only for tenants which require bigger queues. Each tenant can have different values for this parameter.

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Area</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Jira ticket</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Device Management</td>
<td style="text-align:left">In the <b>Firmware</b> tab, a placeholder has been added to the  <b>Version</b> field to better understand how the field must be filled. 
</td>
<td>MTM-29294</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Device Management</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The  <b>Add firmware</b> and  <b>Add software</b> dropdown buttons are now closed by default.
</td>
<td> MTM-28097</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Device Management</td>
<td style="text-align:left">In some cases the platform would send multiple post-registration operations. This issue will no longer occur.
</td>
<td>MTM-29509</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LWM2M</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Memory leaks will no longer occur.
</td>
<td> MTM-29617</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LWM2M</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The agent will no longer run out of heap memory so easily during high traffic. The max heap size has been increased.
</td>
<td>MTM-29535</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LWM2M</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Queue flushing now is done safely. if one queue or one element in the queue has failed to flush, other items will still be processed.
</td>
<td>MTM-29456</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LWM2M</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Device protocol type is now properly updating.
</td>
<td>MTM-29452</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LWM2M</td>
<td style="text-align:left">If a write operation has timed out or the device has disconnected, the agent will put the operation back to PENDING instead of failing with an internal error.
</td>
<td>MTM-29040</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">OPC UA</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When a node, which is being read on demand or is being processed based on the device protocol, has an abnormal value due to bad or uncertain status code, an alarm with warning severity is raised for the server device.
This alarm is cleared when the node's value is back to normal on the next read.
</td>
<td>MTM-28940</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Sigfox</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The error which appeared in the <b>Device protocols</b> page on updating a managed object will no longer occur.
</td>
<td>MTM-29858</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LoRa</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Connectivity plan key field corrected as 'connectivityPlanId' for the device creation request to the ThingPark API.
</td>
<td>MTM-29455</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Web SDK</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Fixed a problem with the detail$ observable in InventoryService when realtime is turned off.
</td>
<td>MTM-29399</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Branding images can now be removed from the UI.
</td>
<td>MTM-29287</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">“supportUrl: false” option now works as intended and hides the support link in the user menu.
</td>
<td>MTM-28984</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The login dialog now correctly shows the field label **Tenant ID** instead of **Tenant** on accessing an invalid URL.
</td>
<td>MTM-28905</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservices</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservices now run in a correct timezone.
</td>
<td>MTM-29453</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservices</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Memory leak fix for the microservice proxy.
</td>
<td>MTM-27444</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservices</td>
<td style="text-align:left">“Cellid-agent-server” is now working without any issues.
</td>
<td>MTM-29072</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservices</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Typos in [microservice scripts](http://resources.cumulocity.com/examples/microservice) have been fixed.
</td>
<td>MTM-27949</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">CEP </td>
<td style="text-align:left">Correct self URLs are now returned from CEP endpoints.
</td>
<td>MTM-25207</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">REST</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Measurements now accept “null” as a measurement value.
</td>
<td> MTM-29203</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Various</td>
<td style="text-align:left">“Xsfr” error will no longer occur when logging in using basic authentication.
</td>
<td>MTM-28982</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Various</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The environment variable of a microservice will no longer include the names of all microservices in the installation.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-28589</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Various</td>
<td style="text-align:left">SMTP password is no longer exposed via the API.</td>
<td style="text-align:left"> MTM-27919</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Various</td>
<td style="text-align:left">“md5” and “sha1” checksums are now provided for cumulocity maven artifacts deployed on resources.cumulocity.com.</td>
<td style="text-align:left"> MTM-28823</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Various</td>
<td style="text-align:left">dding certificates will no longer cause an error.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-29230</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>