---
weight: 10
title: Introduction
layout: bundle
aliases:
---

Due to growing number of IoT protocols, Extensible Device Registration enables possibility 
to easily add own device protocol to device registration process.

The over all concept is to extend the device registration using a metadata based approach. Microservices and agents that implement current device registrations can add custom forms to the device registration wizard by providing a simple description of the required registration attributes. 

The metadata will be used by the UI to render a corresponding device registration wizard. There are two possible ways to extend the UI:
- with single device registration form
- and bulk operation

> **Note:** As a precondition, application extension [{Configuration}}] definition have to defined and, in case of Single Device Registration, microservice realizing the registration have to provide additional metadata. 

### The extension drivers 
Some device registrations, for example LWM2M, currently rely on the standard single or bulk registration of the platform. However, some of these integrations suffer from major usability or technical issues, because the generic registration workflow can’t be customized to the needs of these protocols. Two examples:
- The LWM2M agent uses bulk registration. However, LWM2M requires a different set of information than needed by the generic C8Y registration. This results in the user needing to add quite a set of custom fields to the CSV uploaded as part of the bulk registration process. 
Likewise, some information is required to be present in the CSV to satisfy platform constraints, but the data is not used by the platform at all. Hence, there is a need to add dummy data to the CSV file. All in all, this is both error prone and not very user friendly!
- Input Validation is not possible: As the generic bulk registration directly creates devices in the platform, it is not possible to perform validation of extra registration attributes. In the case of LWM2M, this results in numerous reported connection problems.

### Extension strength

#### Extensibility of the Device Registration wizard
The ease of own forms addition to the device registration wizard in the device management UI. The values to be entered in the user-specified forms can be freely customized by the device integration developers

#### Support for bulk registration using custom CSV
The user can also customize the bulk registration and hence implement support for CSV files of a different format.

#### No UI code changes required
Users do not need to write UI Angular code to keep the amount of integration work as little as possible.

#### Plugin-based approach
The device integration developer only needs to subscribe a microservice that provides an own wizard, and the wizard shows up automatically.

#### Flexibility
The mechanism developed must be flexible enough to enable the users to customize the device registration process to match their needs.

#### Easiness
Adding new elements to the device registration wizard must be easy and must not require expert knowledge in development or the Cumulocity platform.

#### Zero Maintenance for Upgrades/Backwards compatibility
If Cumulocity is upgraded, it must not require device integrations of customers to be upgraded.

#### UI Usability
The generated wizards must be automatically well layouted and have to share the same look & feel with the existing generic, bulk and proprietary device registrations
