---
weight: 70
title: Release 10.6.0
layout: redirect
---

### Migration notes

When Cumulocity IoT is upgraded to 10.6.0, you must also upgrade the Apama-ctrl microservice from earlier versions to 10.6.0. This is mandatory due to a change in the communication protocol between Cumulocity IoT and Apama. Earlier versions of the Apama-ctrl microservice will not function correctly if running in Cumulocity IoT 10.6.0.

### Improvements in Apama EPL Apps

Some events have been added to the Apama Cumulocity IoT API to allow easy retrieval of information in some predefined areas.

- You can get the values for all the tenant options in the tenant, or search for specific tenant options. See the request-response events for looking up `TenantOption` in [Querying Cumulocity IoT data](/apama/actions/#querying).
- You can look up the details and roles of the user you connected as, or the microservice service user. Alternatively, you can forward on the `Authorization` header or OAuth cookies of an incoming request to validate the roles of that user. See the request-response events for looking up `CurrentUser` in [Querying Cumulocity IoT data](/apama/actions/#querying).

In EPL, you can now receive a response for the creation or update of the predefined types (Alarm, Operation, Event, Measurement, MeasurementFragment and ManagedObject) by using the newly added `withResponse` action. Headers can now be set on the request, for example to determine the processing mode within Cumulocity IoT. For further information, see for example [Sending alarms requesting response and setting headers](https://documentation.softwareag.com/onlinehelp/Rohan/Apama/v10-5/apama10-5/apama-webhelp/index.html#page/apama-webhelp%2Fco-ConApaAppToExtCom_cumulocity_creating_a_new_alarm.html) in the Apama documentation.

It is now possible to listen for individual measurement fragments in EPL, rather than having to listen for and dissect entire measurements. For detailed information, see [Measurement fragments](/apama/advanced/#measurement-fragments).

