---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.11.0
layout: redirect
---

### Apama correlator version

This release of Cumulocity IoT Streaming Analytics includes the Apama version 10.11 correlator.
See also [What's New In Apama 10.11.0](https://documentation.softwareag.com/apama/v10-11/apama10-11/apama-webhelp/index.html#page/apama-webhelp%2Fco-WhaNewInApa_10110_top.html)
in the Apama documentation.

### Improvements for EPL apps

It is now possible to download EPL apps as \*.mon files. For this purpose, the actions menu which is available on the card of an EPL app
now provides an **Export** command. See also [Developing apps with the Streaming Analytics application](https://cumulocity.com/guides{{< 10-11-0 >}}/apama/analytics-introduction/#apama-epl-apps).

### Changes in the Apama-ctrl manifest

The Apama-ctrl microservice manifest now includes the following additional permissions:

- ROLE_AUDIT_ADMIN
- ROLE_AUDIT_READ
- ROLE_USER_MANAGEMENT_READ
- ROLE_USER_MANAGEMENT_OWN_READ
- ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ
- ROLE_BULK_OPERATION_ADMIN
- ROLE_BULK_OPERATION_READ
- ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ

This means that all requests from EPL apps or other components within the Apama-ctrl microservice operate with these additional permissions
and thus can do the following:

- Create and read audit reports.
- Get information about the current user or tenant.
- Query information about tenants and applications.
- Create, read and modify bulk operations.
- Continue to apply and score Machine Learning models after the authorization requirements have been tighened up in the Zementis microservice.

See also [Modifying microservice permissions and resource usage](https://cumulocity.com/guides{{< 10-11-0 >}}/apama/advanced/#microservice-permissions).

### Improvements in Analytics Builder

The documentation for [Analytics Builder](https://documentation.softwareag.com/apama/Analytics_Builder/pab10-11-0/apama-pab-webhelp/index.html), including release notes, is available separately. For your convenience, the release notes from the above documentation are also given below:

- This version of Analytics Builder does not contain any new functionality.

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">A defect existed in which safe mode was sometimes incorrectly triggered after a platform upgrade,
  resulting in all user EPL, analytic models and extensions being disabled. This has now been resolved.
  For more information on safe mode, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides{{< 10-11-0 >}}/apama/troubleshooting/#apama_safe_mode">Safe mode on startup</a>
  in the <em>Streaming Analytics guide</em>.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2566</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>
