---
weight: 200
title: Releases 10.5.0.0 - 10.5.0.1
layout: redirect
---


### Improvements

#### Apama Analytics Builder

Apama Analytics Builder is now available in the Cumulocity IoT Cloud platform. It is integrated as a web application which is available from the application switcher. 

Apama Analytics Builder allows you to build analytic models that transform or analyze streaming data in order to generate new data or output events. The models are capable of processing data in real time.

You build the models in a graphical environment by combining pre-built *blocks* into *models*. The blocks in a model package up small bits of logic, and have a number of inputs, outputs and parameters. Each block implements a specific piece of functionality, such as receiving data from a sensor, performing a calculation, detecting a condition, or generating an output signal. You define the configuration of the blocks and connect the blocks using wires. You can edit the models, simulate deployment with historic data, or run them against live systems.

See the documentation for [Apama Analytics Builder for Cumulocity IoT](https://documentation.softwareag.com/onlinehelp/Rohan/Analytics_Builder/pab10-5/apama-pab-webhelp/index.html#page/apamaanalyticsbuilder-webhelp%2Fto-AnaBui_help_index.html) for detailed information.



### Documentation

#### General: About section

A new [About](/guides/about/overview/) section has been added to the documentation, showing information on documentation versions, content, conventions and copyrights.

#### Device guides: New device catalogue

A new [Cumulocity IoT Device Partner Portal](https://devicepartnerportal.softwareag.com/dcp-publicweb/#/) has been implemented, offering an extensive [collection](https://devicepartnerportal.softwareag.com/dcp-publicweb/#/devices) of devices with guaranteed plug-and-play compatibility and full functional support in the Cumulocity IoT platform. Apart from general information on each device you can find quick start guides here, describing how to configure the particular device and connect it to the Cumulocity IoT platform. The information formerly provided in the Device guides on the [Cumulocity documentation website](https://www.softwareag.cloud/site/dev-center/cumulocity-iot.html#/) has been moved to the Partner Portal. The former Device guides are no longer available. 

Description of the following devices has been removed as these are no longer supported: Beagle Bone Black, Cinterion Java modules, Mbed u-blox C027, Raspberry Pi, Robustel, Tinkerforge. 

##### OPCUA agent 1.0

The documentation of the OPCUA Java gateway has been moved from the Device guides to the Java agent sources in Bitbucket at [https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-agents-opc/src/develop/opcua-agent/documentation/](https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-agents-opc/src/develop/opcua-agent/documentation/).

#### Device SDK guide: Device SDK for Java

The *Device SDK for Java* documentation has been moved from the [Device SDK guide](/guides/device-sdk/introduction/) to the Java Device SDK sources in Bitbucket at [https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-clients-java/src/develop/device-sdk-documentation/](https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-clients-java/src/develop/device-sdk-documentation/).

#### Device SDK guide: Device SDK for C#

The *Device SDK for C#* documentation has been moved from the [Device SDK guide](/guides/device-sdk/introduction/) to the C# Device SDK sources in Bitbucket at h[ttps://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-clients-cs/src/develop/DeviceSDK/Documentation/](https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-clients-cs/src/develop/DeviceSDK/Documentation/). 

#### Streaming analytics guide (formerly Apama analytics guide)

The sample applications that were accessible from https://cumulocity.com/guides/apama/examples/#misc-applications have been removed from the documentation. They are now available directly from the Apama EPL Apps application.


### Migration

#### Deprecation of DELETE method for audit logs

Cumulocity IoT offers a rich audit logging functionality to keep track of ongoing activities for the investigation of security-relevant events. In the past, we allowed deletion of these audit log entries by administrators. This method has been deprecated and will be removed completely with the July 2020 release (10.6.6). With Cumulocity IoT >= 10.6.6 the deletion of audit logs will no longer be permitted. All DELETE requests to the audit API will return the error "405 Method not allowed".  

Note that retention rules still apply to audit logs and will delete audit log records older than the specified retention time, see also [Auditing > Audit record collection](/guides/reference/auditing/#audit-record-collection
) in the Reference guide. 


### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup><col width="150">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Area</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Jira ticket</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Administration</td>
<td style="text-align:left">User registration issues, in which users with similar emails could not be created, are now fixed.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-28007</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Administration</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Translations in the <b>Tenant list</b> page are no longer inconsistent.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-27731</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Administration</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Users can now use special characters such as “üöäßÜÖÄ” for usernames, aliases and role names without any issues.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-27703</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Translation issues with error messages will no longer occur.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-27409</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Errors in IE will no longer occur.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-27195</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">REST</td>
<td style="text-align:left">DELETE operation via the alarm API will no longer ignore query parameters.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-27162</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">CEP</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The automatic rule disabling service will no longer disable important rules for no reason.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-26167</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left"></td>
<td style="text-align:left">Support users can now properly login on customer tenants even when one of several support requests was deactivated.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-27004</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



