---
weight: 60
title: Release 10.6.3.0

---

### Improvements

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> The welcome widget has been modified. The new welcome widget comes in two versions, which show different messages and quick links, based on the tenant type of the user (regular or trial tenant).</td>
<td>
MTM-30226</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td> Java mongo driver has been upgraded to version 3.12 to support mongodb version 4.2, driven by Mongo 3.x running out of support.</td>
<td>
MTM-31006</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td>  Jackson upgraded to latest version 2.9.9.</td>
<td>
MTM-29584</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td> The usage statistics daily export has been extended to include more information about the tenant. The additional information is on the naming of the file created as part of the usage statistics gathered for onward transmission to Software AG. No change has been made to any API available to customers. </td>
<td>
MTM-30610</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The opcua-device-gateway docker tar file no longer contains multiple docker images.</td>
<td>
MTM-31452</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td>Added validation for Sigfox data types for callbacks requests.</td>
<td>
MTM-20165</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>


### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> The position of a device, submitted in the <b>Location</b> tab, is now saved as floating point number instead of string.</td>
<td>
MTM-30313</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> The password tooltip for the device credentials has been changed  to “Password must have at least 8 characters and no more than 32 and can only contain letters, numbers and the following symbols: `~!@#$%^&amp;*()?;:\'",.&lt;&gt;{}[]\\/”. </td>
<td>
MTM-29790</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Layout issues with menu items in the navigator have been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-31168</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>
