---
weight: 50
title: Release 10.6.5.0
---

### Improvements

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td>  The process of reading and writing measurement data from MongoDB has been significantly optimized, reducing the amount of CPU time required for those operations.</td>
<td>
MTM-29319</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Data broker</td>
<td>Improved data broker exception handling: when a connector is suspended data broker will immediately stop forwarding.</td>
<td>
MTM-30913</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device integration</td>
<td>A new agent for the Casa Systems (NetComm) routers of the NTC-220 series has been released. The cumulocity-ntc-agent v1.0.0 is available at <a href="http://resources.cumulocity.com/ntc/cumulocity-ntc-agent_1.0.0_arm-signed.ipk" class="no-ajaxy">http://resources.cumulocity.com/ntc/cumulocity-ntc-agent_1.0.0_arm-signed.ipk</a>. For details, refer to the <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.6.6/device-tutorials/netcomm-router/" class="no-ajaxy">Casa Systems (NetComm) router</a> in the <em>Device integration tutorials</em>.
</td>
<td>
MTM-31982</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td>Added a type-ahead input component to the Web SDK. With this component, data can be selected with suggestions from data already stored in the platform.</td>
<td>
MTM-31425</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td>   If the device type is "NTC-220 Agent", predefined commands for the NTC-220 series are provided in the device shell.</td>
<td>
MTM-30723</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td >   Improved developer documentation on bulk device registration, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.6.6/reference/device-credentials/#bulk-device-credentials" class="no-ajaxy">Device credentials > Bulk device credentials</a> in the <em>Reference guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-31230</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td>Certificates issued by unknown intermediate CAs are now supported for custom domains and can be uploaded with the full certificate chain. See also <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3280#section-3.2" class="no-ajaxy">RFC 3280 section 3.2</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-27401</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >   Additional MQTT static templates "Set supported logs" (118) and "Set supported configurations" (119). For details, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.6.6/device-sdk/mqtt/#mqtt-static-templates" class="no-ajaxy">MQTT > MQTT Static templates</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-30761</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  An error message is now shown when creating a smart rest template without messageId. </td>
<td>
MTM-31178</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Microservice</td>
<td > A warning message will be shown when a user tries to download logs for a microservice and the log file is empty. </td>
<td>
MTM-30666</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td> Sigfox device registration form: Hex string validation added to ID and PAC input fields. </td>
<td>
MTM-30217</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > On device registration, only active contracts with free slots will now be shown.  </td>
<td>
MTM-30220</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > If a device type is generated and its name exceeds 100 characters it will be truncated to fit the 100 characters name length limit on the Sigfox platform. </td>
<td>
MTM-29827</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SmartRules</td>
<td >  Added a note to "on measurement threshold create alarm" smart rule about possible restrictions. </td>
<td>
MTM-30167</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SNMP</td>
<td >  The SNMP agent and the Mibparser microservice code has been made open source. Now the code can be found in the Cumulocity IoT examples repository at <a href="https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/snmp/" class="no-ajaxy">https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/snmp/</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-30731</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>


### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> Adding or updating an inventory role now takes the user back to the <b>Inventory roles</b> tab while adding or updating a global role takes the user back to the <b>Global roles</b> tab.</td>
<td>
MTM-31422</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td >  Alert details information is now displayed correctly even if an alert with the same text and type already exists.</td>
<td>
MTM-30859</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td >  All configurable email templates now support the {tenant-domain} placeholder.</td>
<td>
MTM-30291</td>
</tr>

<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td >  Device groups are no longer transferred outside of the source hierarchy when filtering by sourceId.</td>
<td>
MTM-31808</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Data broker</td>
<td>Data broker now also forwards child devices correctly when a connector filter is defined on a single device.</td>
<td>
MTM-30911</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The <b>Device protocols</b> page can now display more than 100 device protocols.</td>
<td>
MTM-29385</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td>An error is published to the error channel whenever an illegal operation is used by a device using MQTT.</td>
<td>
MTM-30555</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  Alarm severity is no longer mandatory when updating an alarm using MQTT.</td>
<td>
MTM-31451</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td>Max number of chars validation of the <b>Name</b> field for global and inventory roles in the UI is now aligned with the BE validation.</td>
<td>
MTM-30896</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>UserGroup list endpoint is now correctly set in @c8y/client library.</td>
<td>
MTM-30900</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>
