---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.6.6.4
---

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody><tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > The C# SDK has been updated to work with .net 3.1. </td>
<td>
MTM-30183</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > A new wizard is available to connect a smartphone to the platform. In the welcome widget of the Cockpit application a new quick-link card is shown: <b>Connect smartphone</b>. The new process is aligned with the new version of the "Cumulocity IoT Sensor App" and will not work with the old application that might be already installed on your smartphone. </td>
<td>
MTM-30234</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td >  The info message on the "Map" widget has been changed to "The map widget displays up to 100 devices." to better reflect the actual behavior, see also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.6.6/users-guide/cockpit/#widgets" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Widgets</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-28744</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td >  A new Cloud Sensor App icon has been included in the "Connect smartphone" wizard.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td >  To improve performance, events are now also forwarded during device synchronization (ACTIVATING state). </td>
<td>
MTM-30910</td>
</tr>

<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The following changes have been implemented for alarms on queue overflow:
<br>- An alarm is now also sent when the output queue is full (similar to the alarm for the input queue). 
<br>- For output queues, the alarm text will include the affected connector. 
<br>- The alarm severity has been changed from CRITICAL to MAJOR.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32280</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td >  Device logs can now also be displayed if they are stored as binary events within the platform. </td>
<td>
MTM-30655</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The alarm list is now scrollable and alarms are loaded dynamically when scrolling the list. </td>
<td>
MTM-30325</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Load Balancer</td>
<td > Added new ports to connect via MQTT with round-robin scheduling to improve performance and scalability.
 </td>
<td>
MTM-31239</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td > MongoDB has been updated to the next stable release. 
Cumulocity IoT platform 10.6.6 now requires MongoDB 4.2. </td>
<td>
MTM-31015</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  MQTT queues are purged when MQTT device or tenant is deleted.  </td>
<td>
MTM-31469</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td >  A new query parameter `forceCascade=true` for DELETE /inventory/managedObjects/{id} allows to cascade delete the full hierarchy regardless of the managed object type.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32218</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td >  Russian is now available as a standard language. </td>
<td>
MTM-31746</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>
<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td >  Fixed an issue that occurred when using the method MeasurementApi.CreateBulkWithoutResponse() from the Cumulocity IoT C# SDK.</td>
<td>
MTM-32066</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > The microservice.ps1 can now be used without any issues.</td>
<td>
MTM-30925</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td >  All exceptions thrown in platform API calls will now have a response body appended to provide more details to the developer.</td>
<td>
MTM-30924</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td >    The search functionality has been improved. When you click on a device in a search result, the device details will open immediately.</td>
<td>
MTM-30265</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td >   The data broker now automatically retries requests which failed because the destination server closed long-lasting idle connections. This fix reduces the possibility to lose requests via data broker.</td>
<td>
MTM-32177</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td >  Fixed an issue where the <b>Measurements</b> tab in Device Management was only visible on reload.</td>
<td>
MTM-32265</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > Default values for light and dark branding colors have been added as placeholders in the tenant customization page.</td>
<td>
MTM-29625</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td >  The branding option for changing hover-color now works correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-31628</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Logging</td>
<td >  Improved the load balancer configuration to not flood the error logs with meaningless entries.</td>
<td>
MTM-23462</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td >  User tenant mappings overwrite management tenant mappings if the resource ID is the same for both user and management tenant, given that the user tenant mapping is not empty.</td>
<td>
MTM-31536</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M object details page now displays the correct content when navigating between instances of the same object.</td>
<td>
MTM-32220</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  To improve performance, the MQTT queue limit for a tenant is now calculated based on the number of tenants, not based on the number of connected devices.&nbsp;</td>
<td>
MTM-31468</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td >   When a user is logged in via SSO, the access to the /cep/notification endpoint is no longer prevented.</td>
<td>
MTM-31094</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Excel report files are no longer empty when using the "time" parameter in the export. The Excel file now shows the correct data.</td>
<td>
MTM-31620</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > When deleting an object which is not a device (doesn't have the c8y_isDevice fragment), the option to remove linked child devices is no longer shown.</td>
<td>
MTM-30873</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Missing "@angular/upgrade" dependency is now added to the peer dependencies of c8y/ngx-components.</td>
<td>
MTM-32209</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>




