---
weight: 70
title: Release 10.6.2.0
---

### Improvements

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Cockpit</td>
<td style="text-align:left">A new reporting agent microservice has been implemented to allow scheduled reports with Apama Streaming Analytics. Previously existing configurations of schedulers may automatically be migrated to the new agent via the UI. After migration is complete, the new UI allows the creation of schedules using the new report agent microservice.
</td>
<td> MTM-28500</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Core product</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The Cumulocity IoT platform kernel now uses Karaf 4.2.8, driven by the Java 11 upgrade.
</td>
<td> MTM-29755</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Data broker</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The internal processing on the "source" side has been improved:
The Data Broker can now send measurements in bulks, separately for each connector. 
Data broker in-memory queues should overflow less frequently, because events not matching any connector are discarded faster.
</td>
<td> MTM-30779</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Device Management</td>
<td style="text-align:left">In the <b>Network</b> tab of devices, the value "None" has been added to the Auth Type dropdown list in the WAN widget.
</td>
<td> MTM-30824</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Device Management</td>
<td style="text-align:left">IIn the “Device Data” widget on the <b>Info</b> tab of Netcomm devices, the RSRP and RSRQ fragments have been added.
</td>
<td> MTM-30822</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LWM2M</td>
<td style="text-align:left">UI output for shell commands has been improved to be less misleading.  
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-26971</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LWM2M</td>
<td style="text-align:left">If a LWM2M device is registered with the same endpoint ID in multiple tenants, the device will be binded only to the tenant in which the device was first registered. The devices in the other tenants will be considered as duplicates and will not work. 
As notification, a major alarm is created stating that the device with this endpoint already exists. The alarm for the duplicates will be created immediately after device connection. However, if the device has already been connected and binded to the original tenant recently, the alarm creation may take some time until the microservice refreshes its caches.  
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-23560</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">In the microservice manifest, it is now possible to specify requested resources (CPU and memory) allowing values less than or equal to the default ones.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30460</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The Microservice SDK now requires Spring Boot 2.2.x.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-29673</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Security</td>
<td style="text-align:left">On password reset, after a configurable number of failed requests subsequent requests will be blocked for a configurable amount of time. Password reset no longer uses an internal technical user.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-27694</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left"> Two new languages have been added to the Cumulocity IoT UI: Korean, Polish.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left"> MTM-30803</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Web SDK</td>
<td style="text-align:left"> The device and group dashboards have been migrated to Angular and can be imported to an existing app via the module ContextDashboardModule. The module provides a config() function which allows configuring certain parameters like widget filter and full-screen mode.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left"> MTM-28531</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Actility/Sigfox</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The Actility and Sigfox microservices now start running much faster.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30268</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Administration</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Subscription no longer fails when there are leftovers from old deployments.
</td>
<td> MTM-28066</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Administration</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Setting the parameter “supportUrl” to false in the application options will now hide the support link in the <b>User</b> menu. 
</td>
<td> MTM-28984</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Core product</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Issues caused by not properly closing the input stream on uploading firmware have been fixed.
</td>
<td> MTM-30047</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Device Management</td>
<td style="text-align:left">In the “Device Data” widget on the <b>Info</b> tab of Netcomm devices, a spelling error (RSCP instead of RCSP) has been fixed.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30815</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td style="text-align:left">A missing error message when entering a wrong color code for the main color in the branding page has been added. 
</td>
<td style="text-align:left"> MTM-29401</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">MQTT</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Log message "Can't find a ConnectionDescriptor" for MQTT has been moved to the Debug log level. 
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30602</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The version popover in the navigator has been removed. The version is shown  when clicking on the username.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30476</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Scaling issues with the title of the Welcome widget in the Cockpit Home screen have been fixed.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-31159</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Web SDK</td>
<td style="text-align:left">BasicAuth with CORS is now working when using the @c8y/client, as the not allowed x-xsrf-token header is no longer set when using CORS.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30649</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

