---
weight: 25
title: Changes 10.6.6.29
layout: bundle
---

### Improvement

<table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 10%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Device monitoring</td>
<td > Devices are now immediately marked as unavailable when the response interval expires. Alarms will be raised after 3 minutes delay to be sure that the state of the devices is synchronized within the database. </td>
<td>
MTM-34737</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Username validation and NewDeviceRequest validation have been improved. </td>
<td>
MTM-37120</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 10%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the <b>User</b> page, changing the password for the current user&nbsp;is now working.</td>
<td>
MTM-37314</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device monitoring</td>
<td > Improved the performance of monitoring device availability when monitoring a large number of devices.</td>
<td>
MTM-36213</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device monitoring</td>
<td > The availability status of devices could in some circumstances show the wrong information, this has been corrected so the availability status is always accurate. </td>
<td>
MTM-36103</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Report agent</td>
<td > The add/edit/duplicate/delete options are now hidden when the user does not have the permission to change export schedules, or the report-service is not subscribed.</td>
<td>
MTM-37312</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Improved app-subscription to avoid a race condition bug when applying branding to an application. This was often leading to not/wrong applied branding when creating a new branding.</td>
<td>
MTM-37276</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > An issue has been fixed where the login was in English instead of the browser language setting. Language codes are now resolved correctly for the Japanese language.</td>
<td>
MTM-37059</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
