---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.12.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.11.1.0 - 10.11.3.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration </td>
<td> In the <b>Own Applications</b> detail view the read-only fields are now properly disabled so that it is clear that they cannot be edited. </td>
<td>
MTM-26133</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservice</td>
<td> The "cep" microservice has been removed from the list of default microservices for new installations.</td>
<td>
MTM-39794</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<td>
Administration</td>
<td> Microservice logs can be viewed with realtime on or off. If realtime is on, the next and the last page buttons are now disabled.</td>
<td>
MTM-39675</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> The <b>New tenant</b> window had some overlapping style issues on the <b>Storage limit per device</b> field resulting in unreadable error messages. These issues have been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-41498</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Connectivity</td>
<td> The check if a mobile device is managed by the currently configured SIM provider is now only done on opening the <b>Connectivity</b> tab of a device. This puts eventual errors in a logical context and reduces the number of checks.</td>
<td>
MTM-40958</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> When green password is enforced and the minimal strong password length ('system.password.green.min-length' property) is higher than the device password length ('device-user.password.length' property), the system will use the green.min-length value, i.e. generate a longer password. Prior to this change, the system rejected auto-generated passwords that were too short blocking device bootstrap.</td>
<td>
MTM-39836</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td> Removed default names related to Cumulocity IoT or Software AG in the SMS provider configuration.</td>
<td>
MTM-41014</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td>  Only text-based log files (with mime type `text\*`) can be previewed in the UI, for other mime types a warning will be displayed.</td>
<td>
MTM-38672</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
