---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.13.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.11.1.0 - 10.11.100.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A slider component <code>RangeComponent</code> has been added to the Web SDK. The new component allows developers to show range sliders with a Cumulocity IoT layout. Documentation is available under <a href="http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/modules/FormsModule.html" class="no-ajaxy">http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/modules/FormsModule.html</a>. The usage example is available in the tutorial application.</td>
<td>
MTM-41224</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The WebSDK now supports, and uses by default, the new Ivy rendering engine from Angular. You can opt-in Ivy on existing applications by:
<br> - Setting "enableIvy" to true in your <i>tsconfig.json</i>.
<br> - Adding the Angular Compatibility Compiler (ngcc) to your scripts in <i>package.json</i>: "postinstall": "ngcc" </td>
<td>
MTM-39325</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The child devices grid has been improved to work like the sub-assets grid. It is now possible to filter devices, and pagination has been added. The auto-refresh via real-time notifications for the child devices page has been removed as it wouldn't scale well when filters are applied. </td>
<td>
MTM-41003</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The documentation for the <code>c8y-data-grid</code> component has been improved and usage examples have been added to the tutorial application. </td>
<td>
MTM-37358</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Developers using the Web SDK now have the possibility to create named dashboards (dashboards stored with a given name in the database) with a context (device or group). </td>
<td>
MTM-42104</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Cumulocity IoT Web SDK has been upgraded to Angular 12. </td>
<td>
MTM-40665</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The AngularJS implementation of the Cumulocity IoT dashboards has been removed. The following modules from the @c8y/ng1-modules package are affected:
<br>- modules/dashboardUI
<br>- modules/dashboard2
<br>- modules/cockpit-reports </td>
<td>
MTM-40537</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The AngularJS module <code>c8y.deviceBulkControl</code> is no longer used in standard applications and has been removed. To take advantage of standard UI components for bulk operations you should use the components and services of the <code>@c8y/ngx-components/operations</code> library.</td>
<td>
MTM-41441</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b>Web SDK</td>
<td> A virtual scroll feature has been added to the capabilities of the c8yFor directive. To enable the feature, the parameter <code>enableVirtualScroll: true;</code> must be passed along side with other virtual scroll-related properties.
An example for the usage can be found in the tutorial application documented at <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/web/tutorials/" class="no-ajaxy">https://cumulocity.com/guides/web/tutorials/</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-41121</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Web SDK</td>
<td> The new application scaffold with c8ycli now by default includes a pre-defined test setup. This allows developers to add unit tests to their custom applications easily. </td>
<td>
MTM-33599</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Web SDK</td>
<td> Hooks weren't working well with lazy-loading routes (an Angular feature), therefore plugins couldn't extend any application. Developers can now use hooks in lazy-loaded routes and thus use it to develop plugin extensions. </td>
<td>
MTM-40842</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Setting "0" as decimal places value in the "Silo" and "Linear gauge" widget now works correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-42024</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> In the Cockpit and Device Management application, <b>Load more</b> in the navigator menu is now disabled, while the assets load request is in progress, after clicking the button. Previously it was possible to click the <b>Load more</b> button multiple times before the browser had a response, and that resulted in getting duplicated groups in the list.</td>
<td>
MTM-41681</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> The image in the dashboard's "Image" widget had not been properly resized. This has been fixed by making the image width responsive.</td>
<td>
MTM-42351</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> It is now possible again to send the data explorer as a widget to a report.</td>
<td>
MTM-42739</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b>Cockpit</td>
<td> The documentation describing the behavior of the "On geofence send email" smartrule has been updated, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/users-guide/cockpit/#smart-rules-collection" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Smart rules collection</a> in the <i>User guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-37552</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > When changing the localization to certain languages, for instance Arabic, date strings generated by an application will no longer break API calls.</td>
<td>
MTM-40087</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Fixed an issue, where translations containing hyperlinks would cause hyperlinks to not be clickable.</td>
<td>
MTM-41185</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> For easier navigation on mobile devices, you must now use two fingers to zoom in and out on the "Maps" widget. Placing one finger on the map allows you to scroll instead. To achieve this, it was necessary to update the "leaflet" library to the latest version. If you have implemented your own custom map on top of our Web SDK, please check that your implementation still works properly.</td>
<td>
MTM-40339</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> An issue has been fixed in the typing interface of @c8y/client that led to compile type errors while using older versions of the Web SDK.</td>
<td>
MTM-42047</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Icons are now correctly loaded for custom applications created with c8ycli.</td>
<td>
MTM-42678</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The styles are now correctly loaded for applications created with the Angular Command Line Tool (CLI) and extended by adding Cumulocity IoT CLI.</td>
<td>
MTM-42762</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Web SDK</td>
<td> The performance when loading data (for example in the tenants list) has been improved by improving the responsiveness of the data grid component.</td>
<td>
MTM-41986</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Web SDK</td>
<td> When proxying from a locally developed application within the Web SDK, WebSocket was failing and falling back to long-polling (HTTP-based). This fix enables the WebSocket connection again.</td>
<td>
MTM-42566</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
