---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.10.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.9.1.0 - 10.9.13.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > After removing delegated users, audit logs were not displayed for the shared user manager role and an error message "Cannot find document with ID" was displayed. The issue has been fixed by making sure that such events do no longer prevent audit logs from being displayed. </td>
<td>
MTM-37679</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td > Audit logs have been improved. Information on password change and reset is now included in the user type audit logs. </td>
<td>
MTM-38378</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td > Audit logs have been improved. User logins and login failures from oAuth Internal are now included in the audit logs. </td>
<td>
MTM-38384</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td > Audit logs have been improved. Information on single sign-on user logins is now included in audit logs. </td>
<td>
MTM-38383</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
CEP (Esper)</td>
<td > Some Java library calls have been disabled in this release for security reasons. If you have Esper CEL that uses Java system calls, you should test your application carefully in an upgraded test environment before upgrading your production environment. </td>
<td>
MTM-37710</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cloud Remote Access</td>
<td > Security for the Cloud Remote Access configuration has been improved. The data broker will not transfer the Cloud Remote Access configuration managedObjects fragment to the destination tenant. </td>
<td>
MTM-30013</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Connectivity</td>
<td > The connectivity agent has been extended to support the Telefonica SIM connectivity provider. </td>
<td>
MTM-36877</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > The Inventory API has been improved with a new "hasany()" function which now accepts multiple parameters. This means that on a query it is possible to use a single statement rather than multiple OR statements. For example: /inventory/managedObjects?query=$filter=hasany(c8y_IsDynamicGroup, c8y_Status) </td>
<td>
MTM-38270</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > The <b>Limit Token Validity</b> field has been disabled for OAuth Internal. A popup message has been added which informs the user that in case of OAuth Internal the JWT token validity is used so that the field cannot be edited. </td>
<td>
MTM-37723</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI </td>
<td > In order to align the UI with the new Software AG design, the previously used "font awesome" icons have been replaced by a new set of icons. All CSS classes with the prefix <code>fa-** </code> are now updated to use the <code>dlt-c8y-icon-** </code> prefix, keeping the icon name unchanged. The c8y-icon directive has also been updated to reflect this behavior.
For consistency, developers should use these icons, following the c8y-icon directive. </td>
<td>
MTM-38521</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the Management tenant, providing a URL in <b>Settings</b> > <b>Configuration</b> > <b>Support link</b> will now enable the <b>Request support<b> button. Previously, the button was not visible. </td>
<td>
MTM-37441</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Tenant domains used to allow underscore signs (_). However, those characters are not allowed in wildcard certificates (e.g. subdomain.cumulocity.com). Now underscores are not allowed in tenant domains.</td>
<td>
MTM-32420</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > Fixed handling big values for measurements provided via scientific notification. Values are now stored as floating point type.</td>
<td>
MTM-37811</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > Deleted users will no longer break the audit logs for shared user manager users.</td>
<td>
MTM-37679</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > Data broker will now automatically recreate destination devices that have been manually deleted. This will happen during child-parent relation creation, and during regular device synchronization tasks (every 6 hours).</td>
<td>
MTM-37681</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > To improve compatibility with CORS-dependent clients, the 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is now appended to the response returned from the microservice proxy when the 'Origin' header is used in request.</td>
<td>
MTM-35817</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > Custom microservice roles will be deleted now when unsubscribing or deleting the microservice.</td>
<td>
MTM-38169</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > Error messages were improved to clearly indicate the root cause for issues when devices using an MQTT connection and device certificates fail to authenticate against the platform.</td>
<td>
MTM-36963</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > The JWT token can now be generated for devices authenticated with certificates regardless of the preferred login mode set (Basic, OAuth Internal). Previously it was only possible when the login mode was set to OAuth Internal.</td>
<td>
MTM-35965</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > Improved performance of creation and update of events and alarms for the devices in the deeper hierarchies. Because of the cache, the realtime notification from the children can be missed on the UI dashboards shortly after changing the device parents (in the first 5 minutes).</td>
<td>
MTM-37336</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > In some instances error messages were thrown as suspended tenant's subscriptions were being removed from the system. This has been resolved.</td>
<td>
MTM-36185</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Security has been improved by including the header "X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff" to all responses from the Cumulocity IoT platform.</td>
<td>
MTM-37335</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > An endpoint has been added to allow filtering of bulk operations by time. For details, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/reference/device-control/#bulk-operation" class="no-ajaxy">Device control > Bulk operation</a> in the <em>Reference guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-32397</td>
</tr>

<td>
REST API</td>
<td > For custom queries on the inventory API filtering by boolean is now available.
Example: /inventory/managedObjects?query=my_bool eq false</td>
<td>
MTM-37407</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > It is possible now to pass multiple parameters into the 'bygroupid(...,...,...)' query function in the Inventory API.</td>
<td>
MTM-37053</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Binary API: The size of the binary sent to the API is now based on the actual size and not based on the `Content-Length` header.</td>
<td>
MTM-35295</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Numbers provided in scientific notation in REST requests will now be deserialized directly to 64 bit IEEE-754 floating point type (Double). This prevents "integer overflow" responses in corner cases.</td>
<td>
MTM-38052</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single sign-on</td>
<td > Users logged in by SSO can now change the UI language.</td>
<td>
MTM-36038</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > The SMS provider OpenIT/plusserver now supports sending SMS with non-ASCII characters.</td>
<td>
MTM-37600</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
