---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.11.0.1
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.10.1.0 - 10.10.21.0; 10.11.0.0 - 10.11.0.1-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Actility LoRa</td>
<td> Information has been added to the documentation on the significance of device profiles in the <b>Device registration</b> screen. See <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/lora-actility/#register-device" class="no-ajaxy"<Actility LoRa > Registering LoRa devices</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-39119</td>

<tr>
<td>
Connectivity</td>
<td > The Connectivity microservice has been extended with a cache for data from the configured connectivity provider to prevent timeout issues. The cache duration can be configured in seconds along with the regular SIM provider settings in the Administration application under <b>Settings</b> > <b>Connectivity</b>. </td>
<td>
MTM-38819</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The <b>Info</b> tab for groups has been removed. Its content is now available in the <b>Subassets</b> tab. </td>
<td>
MTM-39743</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > To improve usability, a tooltip has been added with information on how to provide a file path when adding a new firmware, software or configuration object to the corresponding repositories.</td>
<td>
MTM-39747</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > If a device is not connected/offline or an execution fails, a log entry in the event stream will be created now. </td>
<td>
MTM-33372</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Improved the handling of device types for subscriptions: An unnecessary check against the value attribute was removed. </td>
<td>
MTM-40447</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The OPC UA device gateway now correctly handles updates to the alarm status mapping information persisted in the managed object in the platform at the time of reconnect. </td>
<td>
MTM-39955</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> Prosys Client SDK dependency has been upgraded to version 4.5.8.
<br>To avoid conflicts due to the dependency change, the opcua-device-gateway process creates the address space local db files with a new filename <code>cumulocity-opcua-server-<serverId>-address-space-pv4.bin</code>.
The legacy address space local db files are cleaned up at the start of the opcua-device-gateway process automatically by default. Deletion of the legacy files can be turned off by setting the "gateway.db.addressSpace.legacyCleanup" to false in the .yaml configuration file.</td>
<td>
MTM-39401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > The <b>LPWAN</b> tab will now also be shown for Sigfox devices in the device details. This allows a user to change the associated device protocol even after the device registration. </td>
<td>
MTM-35234</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > The generation of the user password for Sigfox callbacks has been improved to align with the Cumulocity IoT password policy guidelines. </td>
<td>
MTM-26010</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > Due to a request limit in the Sigfox platform, the number of health check calls to the Sigfox platform must be optimized. This is addressed by increasing the health check call frequency from 2 mins to 1 hour. When the health is down, the health check frequency is reduced to 5 mins to avoid the waiting period of 1 hour. When the health is up again, then the scheduler is reset to 1 hour again. </td>
<td>
MTM-30409</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > The Sigfox device can now be assigned/transferred to another device type from the <b>LPWAN</b> tab. </td>
<td>
MTM-39442</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Fixed a layout issue in the <b>Firmware/Software</b> pages where text consisting of a single word was not truncated properly.</td>
<td>
MTM-39110</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > LWM2M bootstrap via PSK requires the existence of an external ID, namely c8y_BootstrapPskId. Before, there was an undocumented fallback behavior that allowed for bootstrapping LWM2M devices without this external ID if the device could be found using a corresponding fragment. If bootstrap is now carried out using bootstrap in PSK and the external ID is missing, the external ID is automatically recreated if the device can be found in the inventory. Note that this is a temporary and deprecated reestablishment of the fallback behavior which does not remove the need of the external ID c8y_BootstrapPskId.</td>
<td>
MTM-39371</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > In order to update the values of an attribute associated with any object, instance, or resource, the write attribute command must be used along with attribute nomenclature as specified in the LWM2M 1.0 specification. <br>
For example: <code>writeattr /{Object ID}/{ObjectInstance ID}/{ResourceID}?pmin={minimum period}&amp;pmax={maximum period}&amp;gt={greater than}&amp;lt={less than}&amp;st={step}</code>. <br>
See also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#shell-commands" class="no-ajaxy"<LWM2M > Handling LWM2M shell commands</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-40674</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > The credentials for the Sigfox integration do no longer expire. To achieve this, a device user credential is now used for the Sigfox callback APIs as passwords for device users do not expire. </td>
<td>
MTM-39467</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>
