---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.11.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.10.1.0 - 10.10.11.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Connectivity</td>
<td > The Connectivity microservice has been extended to support the Telefonica SIM connectivity provider. </td>
<td>
MTM-36877</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Connectivity</td>
<td > The Connectivity microservice has been extended with a cache for data from the configured connectivity provider to prevent timeout issues. The cache duration can be configured in seconds along with the regular SIM provider settings in the Administration application under <b>Settings</b> > <b>Connectivity</b>. </td>
<td>
MTM-38819</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The <b>Info</b> tab for groups has been removed. Its content is now available in the <b>Subassets</b> tab. </td>
<td>
MTM-39743</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > If a device is not connected/offline or an execution fails, a log entry in the event stream will be created now. </td>
<td>
MTM-33372</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > The <b>LPWAN</b> tab will now also be shown for Sigfox devices in the device details. This allows a user to change the associated device protocol even after the device registration. </td>
<td>
MTM-35234</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > The generation of the user password for Sigfox callbacks has been improved to align with the Cumulocity IoT password policy guidelines. </td>
<td>
MTM-26010</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > Due to a request limit in the Sigfox platform, the number of health check calls to the Sigfox platform must be optimized. This is addressed by increasing the health check call frequency from 2 mins to 1 hour. When the health is down, the health check frequency is reduced to 5 mins to avoid the waiting period of 1 hour. When the health is up again, then the scheduler is reset to 1 hour again. </td>
<td>
MTM-30409</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Fixed a layout issue in the <b>Firmware/Software</b> pages where text consisting of a single word was not truncated properly.</td>
<td>
MTM-39110</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > LWM2M bootstrap via PSK requires the existence of an external ID, namely c8y_BootstrapPskId. Before, there was an undocumented fallback behavior that allowed for bootstrapping LWM2M devices without this external ID if the device could be found using a corresponding fragment. If bootstrap is now carried out using bootstrap in PSK and the external ID is missing, the external ID is automatically recreated if the device can be found in the inventory. Note that this is a temporary and deprecated reestablishment of the fallback behavior which does not remove the need of the external ID c8y_BootstrapPskId.</td>
<td>
MTM-39371</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>
