---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.9.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.7.1.0 - 10.7.19.0; 10.9.0.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > The device bootstrap through the C# MQTT SDK is now correctly supported. </td>
<td>
MTM-37025</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > All reports are now displayed under a separate <b>Reports</b> menu item in the navigator. You can create, update and delete reports from this page. The reports look & feel has been updated to align with the dashboards. Also, it is now possible to configure a report to become a top-level navigator menu item.
The <b>Exports</b> menu item has been moved under the <b>Configuration</b> menu. The Welcome widget now shows both <b>Exports</b> and <b>Reports</b> quicklinks while the <b>Data point library</b> quicklink has been removed. See also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/users-guide/cockpit/#reports" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Managing reports and exports</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-31542</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The Alarm REST API has been extended with an additional "query" parameter. Added support for passing multiple statuses/severities/types when querying alarms. </td>
<td>
MTM-35304</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > The Apache POI library has been updated to the latest stable version 3.16_1.</td>
<td>
MTM-37052</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > The following third-party libraries have been updated to the latest version:<br>
commons-beanutils-1.9.3.jar -&gt; 1.9.4<br>
guava-20.0.jar -&gt; 29.0-jre<br>
jackson-databind-2.9.9.jar -&gt; 2.11.2<br>
spring-security-core-4.2.13.RELEASE.jar -&gt; 5.2.5.RELEASE<br>
spring-security-web-4.2.13.RELEASE.jar  -&gt; 5.2.5.RELEASE<br>
tomcat-embed-core-8.5.43.jar -&gt; 9.0.36<br>
tomcat-embed-websocket-8.5.43.jar -&gt; 9.0.36 </td>
<td>
MTM-34272; MTM-33609</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > In the cumulocity-examples repository in Bitbucket, a new C# microservice example (smart thermometer) has been added: <a href=" https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-clients-cs/src/develop/Examples/MicroserviceSDK/Hello-World-Extension-Microservice/" class="no-ajaxy"> https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-clients-cs/src/develop/Examples/MicroserviceSDK/Hello-World-Extension-Microservice/</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-28374</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > In the cumulocity-examples repository in Bitbucket you can find a sample Cumulocity IoT microservice written in Kotlin that uses the Microservice SDK. See <a href=" https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/microservices/hello-kotlin/" class="no-ajaxy"> https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/microservices/hello-kotlin/</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34311</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices </td>
<td > The Microservice SDK JavaDoc has been updated at <a href=" http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/javasdk/1007.5.0/" class="no-ajaxy"> http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/javasdk/1007.5.0/</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34072</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > Docker has been upgraded to version 19. </td>
<td>
MTM-34967</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A new property "i18Extra" is available for the application options to add custom translations. </td>
<td>
MTM-31545</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The save functionality on the config component has been extended, custom widgets can now fire a life-cycle-hook (onBeforeSave) before a configuration is saved. </td>
<td>
MTM-35430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Client services for SMS-gateway provider definitions and configurations are available in the <code>@c8y/ngx-components</code> package. </td>
<td>
MTM-35489</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The spinner component is now available in the <code>CommonModule</code> in <code>@c8y/ngx-components</code>: &lt;c8y-loading&gt;&lt;/c8y-loading&gt; </td>
<td>
MTM-35840</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A <code>DynamicFormsModule</code> has been added to <code>@c8y/ngx-components</code> to generate forms without HTML template, only based on configuration. Supported configuration schemas are JSON schema and Formly schema. Examples can be found in the <code>tutorial</code> application. </td>
<td>
MTM-35490</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Information has been added to the documentation on the default Content Security Policy used for applications and on hints how to override it. See  <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/web/application-configuration/#application-options" class="no-ajaxy">Application configuration > Application options</a> in the <em>Web SDK guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33673</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Documentation has been added for the i18nExtra translation option, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/web/application-configuration/#branding-and-languages" class="no-ajaxy">Application configuration > Branding and language customization</a> in the <em>Web SDK guide</em>. This option allows translating certain strings at runtime.</td>
<td>
MTM-35996</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The development experience has been improved by proxying requests also for local development applications. Developers will now see custom branding when a dynamicOptionsUrl is set while they are developing locally. </td>
<td>
MTM-37051</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Users can now enable or disable cookies. To use this functionality, you must add a configuration object to the application manifest in the cookie banner section. Supported types of cookies are: required, functional, marketing. See also (add link). </td>
<td>
MTM-36928</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > With the `ProviderConfigurationModule` you can add one or more provider configuration views to your application. Provider configuration views allow you to select a provider from a list of predefined providers and save credentials and other configuration data for that provider. The form where you enter your configuration and credentials is generated based on a JSON schema defined for the selected provider. </td>
<td>
MTM-36805</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In-code documentation has been added for the action-bar component. Details can be found in an IDE when using the SDK or in the component documentation at <a href="http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/1009.0.0/ngx-components/modules/ActionBarModule.html" class="no-ajaxy">http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/1009.0.0/ngx-components/modules/ActionBarModule.html</a>.  </td>
<td>
MTM-36269</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > Edge-hosted C# microservices will now be able to communicate with platform endpoints.</td>
<td>
MTM-35043</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed style rendering issue on the "Relay" widget switch button.</td>
<td>
MTM-34312</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Resolved an issue where SCADA widgets were not rendered correctly, which was caused by old data stored on dashboards.</td>
<td>
MTM-34303</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Filtering in the events list widget no longer ignores the event type set by the user.</td>
<td>
MTM-34482</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The radial graph has 11 ticks correctly calculated irrespective of max and min limits.</td>
<td>
MTM-28545</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Copying a dashboard from one device to another will now show the correct source.</td>
<td>
MTM-33042</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Child devices are shown as device assets in the navigator.</td>
<td>
MTM-31778</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > In the data point chart, strict values will change with the values on the Y axis.</td>
<td>
MTM-34594</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Deleted dashboards now show the correct dashboard name in the <b>Audit Logs</b> page instead of "null".</td>
<td>
MTM-33863</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Improved reliability of loading indicator in the "Data point table" widget, which is now only shown when data is still being loaded.</td>
<td>
MTM-33647</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed issue with real-time updates of events/alarms in the "Data point graph" widget.</td>
<td>
MTM-32852</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The maximum defined decimal places in the "Info gauge" widget and the "Radial gauge" widget is 10.</td>
<td>
MTM-34818</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Export schedules are now correctly saved with the export configuration when clicking <b>Save</b> or <b>Save and close</b>. Any change to the schedules will enable these buttons again. The deletion of a schedule can now be reverted by clicking <b>Cancel</b> and leaving the export configuration without saving.
<br>A maximum of 2 network requests is required to save the export configuration.</td>
<td>
MTM-34660</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The behaviour of the "Scroll lock" toggle in the "Data point table" widget has been clarified by changing its label to <b>Auto-scroll</b> and adding a tooltip, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/users-guide/cockpit/#widgets" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Widgets collection</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34173</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > The filtering of real-time operations has been modified. Empty messages are no longer returned when there is no permission to read.</td>
<td>
MTM-31981</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > It is no longer possible to use space characters in the context path for microservices.</td>
<td>
MTM-29765</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > "On alarm duration increase severity" smart rule was fixed for multiple devices. Now, when the smart rule monitors multiple devices and first reaches the CRITICAL state, the remaining alarms are still monitored in a separate context.</td>
<td>
MTM-32668</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > To improve clarity, the labels for activating/deactivating smart rules for group's children have been modified.</td>
<td>
MTM-34305</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 UI </td>
<td > Margin space on checkboxes and radio buttons has been corrected. </td>
<td>
MTM-34401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Navigating back to the home dashboard no longer shows an empty dashboard.</td>
<td>
MTM-34992</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the following build error: "ERROR in node_modules/@c8y/ngx-components/core/forms/schema-form.component.d.ts:2:34 - error TS2307: Cannot find module '@angular/upgrade/static'." which occurred in the Angular applications created with Angular CLI and with added @c8y/cli package.</td>
<td>
MTM-34542</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > It is now possible to load custom widgets written in Angular with Cumulocity IoT Web SDK 10.6.x. The correct config-context is now passed to the widgets.</td>
<td>
MTM-35423</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > All components and modules of the core are now exported by the ngx-components.</td>
<td>
MTM-35691</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Improved app subscription to avoid a race condition bug when applying branding to an application. This often lead to not/wrong applied branding when creating a new branding.</td>
<td>
MTM-37276</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed issue with respect to the min/max date constraints in the data explorer when a language other than English is used.</td>
<td>
MTM-33226</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > An issue has been fixed where the login was in English instead of the browser language setting. Language codes are now resolved correctly for the Japanese language.</td>
<td>
MTM-37059</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The Web SDK CLI tool (c8ycli) is now working with NodeJS 15 and npm 7.</td>
<td>
MTM-37412</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
