---
weight: 60
title:  10.4.6.21-10.4.6.22
---

>**Info:** Release 10.4.6.20 has implemented an improvement, which allows to calculate more accurate statistics on resource consumption of microservices. Currently, this can lead to high CPU load when subscriptions of microservices change frequently. 
>	
>We will improve this in one of the following maintenance releases but releases 10.4.6.21 and 10.4.6.22 are still affected. We will keep you informed.
>	
>As a workaround to limit CPU costs for this calculation we recommend the following configuration change.
>	
>On all core nodes, add the following to */etc/cumulocity/cumulocity-core.properties*: 
>	
>		"concurrency.tenant-usage-flush.core-pool-size" => "1"
>		"concurrency.tenant-usage-flush.rejected" => "DISCARD"
>		"concurrency.tenant-usage-flush.queue-size" => "1000”
>	
>The preferred way of doing this is to apply the changes to the Chef server environment configuration. 

### Improvements

[**REST**] There is a new parameter available for requests “ ?dateTo={date}&limit={limit}”. It is no longer required to provide “TO” dates as a parameter. [MTM-28815]

[**REST**] Severity parameter can now be added to alarm API calls. [MTM-29646]


### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Area</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Jira ticket</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LoRa</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The connectivity plan, which has been selecting during device registration, is now properly used for the device creation request to the ThingPark API.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-29455</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservices</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Memory leak fix for the microservice proxy.</td>
<td style="text-align:left"> MTM-29263</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">CEP</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Correct self URLs are now returned from CEP endpoints.</td>
<td style="text-align:left"> MTM-25207</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>