---
weight: 33
title: Release 10.9.0.25
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.9.0.23 - 10.9.0.25 -->


### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody><tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td> To improve performance, the default setting for the algorithm to generate database IDs has been changed. This change particularly affects high volume, high concurrency ingestion. </td>
<td>
MTM-33426</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> Added the possibility to query alarms and events by filtering using the parameters <code>lastUpdatedFrom=<iso-date-time></code> and <code>lastUpdatedTo=<iso-date-time></code>.</td>
<td>
MTM-41364</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table></div>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>
<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> The <b>New tenant</b> form had some overlapping style issues on the <b>Storage limit per device</b> field which made error messages unreadable. These issues have been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-41498</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Email templates</td>
<td> When the tenant administrator creates a new user, the user receives a confirmation email along with a password reset option. Previously, the default password reset email template did not contain the username. The template has been changed so that for new users the username is included in the email.</td>
<td>
MTM-40430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> When the use of green passwords is enforced and the minimal strong password length (<code>system.password.green.min-length</code> property) is higher than the device password length (<code>device-user.password.length</code> property), the system will use the <code>green.min-length</code> value, i.e. generate a longer password. Prior to this change, the system rejected auto-generated passwords that were too short blocking device bootstrap.</td>
<td>
MTM-39836</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table></div>
