---
weight: 39
title: Release 10.9.0.6
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.9.0.5 - 10.9.0.6-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > After removing delegated users, audit logs were not displayed for the shared user manager role and an error message "Cannot find document with ID" was displayed. The issue has been fixed by making sure that such events do no longer prevent audit logs from being displayed. </td>
<td>
MTM-38363</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
CEP (Esper)</td>
<td > Some Java library calls have been disabled in this release for security reasons. If you have Esper CEL that uses Java system calls, you should test your application carefully in an upgraded test environment before upgrading your production environment. </td>
<td>
MTM-37710</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Gainsight </td>
<td > For tenants with the Gainsight product-experience tracking feature enabled, the following additional user information is now passed to the Gainsight platform:
<br>- email address
<br>- user name
<br>- phone number
<br>- first name
<br>- last name </td>
<td>
MTM-37435</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > Fixed handling big values for measurements provided via scientific notification. Values are now stored as floating point type.</td>
<td>
MTM-37811</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > To improve compatibility with CORS-dependent clients, the 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is now appended to the response returned from the microservice proxy when the 'Origin' header is used in the request.</td>
<td>
MTM-35817</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > The JWT token can now be generated for devices authenticated with certificates regardless of the preferred login mode set (Basic, OAuth Internal). Previously it was only possible when the login mode was set to OAuth Internal.</td>
<td>
MTM-35965</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Binary API: The size of the binary sent to the API is now based on the actual size and not based on the `Content-Length` header.</td>
<td>
MTM-35295</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
