---
weight: 34
title: Release 10.9.0.23
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.9.0.21 - 10.9.0.23 -->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>
<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the <b>User</b> page, the number of entries in the user list was restricted to 100 items. Now, the user list can show more than 100 users.</td>
<td>
MTM-40458</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > An issue with asynchronous tenant deletion has been resolved. Previously, when the platform failed to delete one tenant (for example due to database issues), then it stopped processing the deletion of a task. The fix contains handling errors, which now enable the deletion of other tenants to continue. Additionally, after a tenant deletion task failed for tenants, it retries the operation for up to 10 times. If it fails 10 times, then the affected tenant is suspended and an alarm is raised on the Management tenant.</td>
<td>
MTM-40638</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > The Japanese version of the UI showed a wrong translation for the "Major" alarm severity. With this fix, the behaviour has been corrected.</td>
<td>
MTM-40111</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API </td>
<td > The API "GET - Representation of a ManagedObjectCollection" has been corrected. Previously, when the query parameter onlyRoots was applied the pageSize parameter didn't work. </td>
<td>
MTM-41225</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > In the <b>Edit user</b> window (which shows up if you click <b>User settings</b> in the user menu in the top right), the <b>Set up two-factor authentication</b> button will no longer appear, if the user does not have the proper privileges.</td>
<td>
MTM-38374</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table></div>
