---
weight: 39
title: Release 10.9.0.16
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.9.0.13 - 10.9.0.16-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Significantly improved performance when paging the files repository with a large number of inventory binaries.</td>
<td>
MTM-37890</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API </td>
<td > The Inventory API has been improved with a new "hasany()" function which  accepts multiple parameters. This means that it is possible to use a single statement rather than multiple 'has()" functions joined with OR statements. For example: /inventory/managedObjects?query=$filter=hasany(c8y_IsDynamicGroup, c8y_Status) </td>
<td>
MTM-39003</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Translation issues with several UI strings have been resolved.</td>
<td>
MTM-38376</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Breadcrumbs are no longer duplicated on the <b>Simulator</b> page and the <b>SmartRest templates</b> page. The issue occurred since this feature had not been fully migrated to the ngx-component. Now, breadcrumbs in AngularJS can be added in 3 different places/ways:
<br>- c8yBreadcrumbsSet component
<br>- c8yBreadcrumbsProvider by adding breadcrumbs array
<br>- c8yBreadcrumbsProvider by adding function which can be invoked
<br>
All breadcrumbs added by angularJS in one of these ways should now work correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-38693</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Security has been improved by including the header "X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff" to all responses from the Cumulocity IoT platform.</td>
<td>
MTM-37335</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
