---
title: Release 10.10.0
layout: redirect
weight: 40
---

### Improvements in the Machine Learning documentation

Updated the end-to-end [machine learning use cases](https://cumulocity.com/guides/machine-learning/introduction/#usecases) which describe how to train, evaluate, deploy and manage machine learning workflows using the Cumulocity IoT Machine Learning tool chain.

### Improvements in Machine Learning Workbench

- Enhancements to Jupyter Notebook integration:
    - Enabled vertical scrolling option for output cells.
    - Single mouse click expands/collapses the entire output cell.
    - Double click hides the output cell.
    - Sanitized the content generated in cell output.

* Bug fixes:
    * Fixed the issue related to artifact downloads that were committed in earlier versions.
    * Task scheduler now reports an error if scheduled execution misses the start timestamp by more than 60 seconds.
    * UI now reports local time instead of UTC.
    * Updated the default request payload size (from 2.5 MB to 100 MB) of the underlying Django framework.

### Improvements in Machine Learning Engine

* The Machine Learning application now displays its version as a footer in the application.
* Positioning of buttons across wizards, pop-ups, and dialogs in the Machine Learning application streamlined to deliver a consistent user experience.
* Nyoka microservice now has extra validations for `timeUnit` and `periodLength` fields of the [TimePeriod](https://cumulocity.com/guides/machine-learning/api-reference/#timeperiod) type.

### Announcement on deprecations and breaking changes in the next release

* Role-based access control will be introduced in the next release which will mandate assigning users to the Machine Learning Global Roles or User groups to enable them to use Cumulocity IoT Machine Learning.
* The old versions of [Generate time series model](https://cumulocity.com/guides/machine-learning/api-reference/#post--generate-time-series-model-using-time-series-data) `{{url}}/service/zementis/timeseries` API and [Get time series model generation status](https://cumulocity.com/guides/machine-learning/api-reference/#get--get-status-of-generation-of-the-time-series-model) `{{url}}/service/zementis/timeseries/{{model_name}}/status` API which were deprecated in 10.7 release will be removed in the next release. However, the new versions `{{url}}/service/zementis/train/timeseries` and `{{url}}/service/zementis/train/timeseries/{{model_name}}/status` will still be in production.
* `applyToAllModels` query parameter used in [Apply model group](https://cumulocity.com/guides/machine-learning/api-reference/#post---apply-pmml-model-group-to-multiple-records) and  [Apply model group and show details](https://cumulocity.com/guides/machine-learning/api-reference/#post---apply-pmml-model-group-to-multiple-records-and-show-details) API was deprecated as part of 10.9 release and will be removed in the next release. This parameter is replaced by `applyAllModels`.
* `applyToAllModels` field of the [Job Configuration](https://cumulocity.com/guides/machine-learning/api-reference/#domain-model) type was deprecated as part of 10.9 release and will be removed in the next release. This parameter is replaced by `applyAllModels`.
