---
weight: 100
title: 10.6.6
layout: redirect
---

### Apama correlator version

This release of Cumulocity IoT Streaming Analytics includes the Apama version 10.5.3 correlator.

### Improvements in alarms generated by the Apama-ctrl microservice

The following improvements are available in this release:

- `lost_correlator_connection`<br>
  This is a new alarm type which is raised in certain cases when the connection between the Apama-ctrl microservice and the correlator is lost. See [Connection to correlator lost](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.6.6/apama/troubleshooting/#lost_correlator_connection) for more information.
- `application_queue_full`<br>
  This is a new alarm type which is raised whenever the correlator queue is full, including both input and output queues. See [The correlator queue is full](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.6.6/apama/troubleshooting/#application_queue_full) for more information.
- `APAMA_CTRL_WARN_<HASHCODE>`<br>
  This is an enhancement to the existing alarm type. An alarm is now raised when the correlator context is blocked for too long, not letting any other apps run in the same context or, even worse, causes excessive memory usage (as the correlator is unable to perform any garbage collection cycles) leading to the app running out of memory. See [An EPL file blocks the correlator context for too long](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.6.6/apama/troubleshooting/#apama_ctrl_warn) for more information.

### New tooling for Apama EPL Apps on GitHub

Tooling to work with Apama EPL Apps has been published at [https://github.com/SoftwareAG/apama-eplapps-tools](https://github.com/SoftwareAG/apama-eplapps-tools). This tooling allows you to script uploads of your EPL apps and manage them for CI/CD (continuous integration and continuous delivery) use cases. It also provides extensions to the PySys test framework to allow you to simply write tests for your EPL apps and to run them automatically. For more information on PySys, see the [API Reference for Python](https://documentation.softwareag.com/onlinehelp/Rohan/Apama/v10-5/apama10-5/apama-webhelp/#page/apama-webhelp%2Fco-ApaDoc_pydoc_documentation.html) that you can access from the Apama documentation.

### Improvements in Apama Analytics Builder

The documentation for [Apama Analytics Builder](https://documentation.softwareag.com/onlinehelp/Rohan/Analytics_Builder/pab10-6-6/apama-pab-webhelp/index.html), including release notes, is available separately. For your convenience, the release notes from the above documentation are also given below:

- The input block type **Managed Object Input** is now able to output the initial value of the property that is specified by the **Property Name** parameter when the model is activated. For this purpose, the **Capture Start Value** check box is now available in the block parameter editor. It is deselected (false) by default. See the Block Reference in the model editor for more information.
- The **Expression** block now allows integers in intermediate results, for example, as the result of a `floor()` or `round()` function. If the result of an expression is an `integer` value, it is converted to a `float` automatically (there might be a loss of precision). Previously, the **Expression** block could handle only `float`, `string` and `boolean` types. See the Block Reference in the model editor for more information.

### Release 10.6.6.2

This release upgrades the Apama-ctrl microservice to use Apama 10.5.0 Fix 12 (which is the same as Apama 10.5.3.3).

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
    <td style="text-align:left"><code>onGeofenceCreateAlarm</code> and <code>onGeofenceSendEmail</code> smart rules behaved incorrectly when updates were received without location information. This problem has now been resolved.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-1699</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>


