---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.11.0.4
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.10.1.0 - 10.10.21.0; 10.11.0.0 - 10.11.0.4-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > When assigning devices to a group it is now possible to select/deselect all devices by using the added checkbox in the column header. </td>
<td>
MTM-38156</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > It is now possible to save a data point configuration to the library from the widget context (e.g. the "Data graph" widget).</td>
<td>
MTM-38941</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Cumulocity IoT Web SDK has been upgraded to Angular 11. </td>
<td>
MTM-37127</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In order to decouple the @c8y/client library from RxJS library methods, the use of observables or other RxJS features has been removed. To continue using real-time data in your code use the new <code>Observable()</code>, <code>defer()</code> or <code>from()</code> to compose an observable on your own. For example:
<br><br>
<code>observable(channel: string) {
<br>return new Observable&lt;any&gt;(observer =&gt; {
<br> const subscription = this.realtime.subscribe(channel, msg =&gt; {
<br> const data = {
<br> channel: msg.channel,
<br> data: msg.data.data,
<br> id: msg.id,
<br> realtimeAction: msg.data.realtimeAction
<br> };
<br> return observer.next(data);
<br> });
<br> return () =&gt; this.realtime.unsubscribe(subscription);
<br>});
<br>} </code></td>
<td>
MTM-34978</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A new utility function <code>toObservable</code> has been added to the Web SDK as part of the @c8y/ngx-components library. It converts any value provided as an argument to an observable, that emits this value and then completes. Developers can use it as a convenient method to handle any value as an observable rather than mixing observables and other types (e.g. Promises), and eliminate any checks and conversions in their logic. </td>
<td>
MTM-38461</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed layout issues with fields and labels, and issues when switching to the edit mode in the "Asset properties" widget, which appeared when several properties with the same key were selected.</td>
<td>
MTM-38453</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The dashboard widgets of the smallest size are no longer overlapping each other when resizing the browser window.</td>
<td>
MTM-39517</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > A layout issue in the "Data points table" widget - showing data behind the header when scrolling a list of entries - has been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-39539</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Information for developers has been added in case of an issue that can happen when using the Web SDK, angular-cli, and a custom index template. Custom index templates can be set in two places: angular.json and package.json. For the WebSDK to work the angular.json is not supported. Instead of failing silently, the developer will now be informed.</td>
<td>
MTM-39831</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> If a page title is not defined in the application options via the globalTitle property a default is now provided.</td>
<td>
MTM-41107</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> When using the Arabic language in the UI, there was an issue with the loading of the widgets and the localized data format. The users can now load widgets when using the Arabic language without issues.</td>
<td>
MTM-40087</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>
