---
weight: 120
title: 10.6.9.0
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > A new C# example for the real-time notifications feature has been added at <a href="https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-sdk-cs/src/master/REST-SDK/RealTimeNotificationExample/" class="no-ajaxy">https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-sdk-cs/src/master/REST-SDK/RealTimeNotificationExample/</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-32859</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td >  A new Cloud Sensor App icon has been included in the "Connect smartphone" wizard.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > To improve performance, the "withChildren:false" parameter has been added to several calls to inventory. </td>
<td>
MTM-32437</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > Microservices with PER_TENANT isolation no longer periodically refresh subscriptions as this is not required.</td>
<td>
MTM-32207</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In general, every c8y-list-item can trigger a "pulse" css-animation now. This is useful when the customer needs to be notified (visually) that some changes were applied to a specific list item in a bigger list. For now, this pulse is used in the bulk operation list if the customer re-schedules a scheduled bulk operation. </td>
<td>
MTM-32543</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In case of filtering in a dropdown search box, the label "All" will change to "All filtered". The selection of all filtered items will auto-select "All filtered" and vice-versa. If at least one but not all displayed items are selected, then "All" / "All filtered" will show indeterminate (-). </td>
<td>
MTM-32708</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > A timeout issue with the console when listening for real-time changes has been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-32850</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > <em>System.InvalidOperationException: Collection was modified on subscription of a managed object </em> - This exception will no longer be thrown after a subscription to a managed object event change.</td>
<td>
MTM-32849</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The Leaflet map in the Map widget is now displayed correctly after each refresh.</td>
<td>
MTM-31895</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Missing "@angular/upgrade" dependency is now added to the peer dependencies of c8y/ngx-components.</td>
<td>
MTM-32209</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

