---
weight: 80
title: Release 10.7.0.24
---


### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > Performance has been improved by making breadcrumbs on devices and groups configurable. Per default, breadcrumbs on devices and groups are now turned off. They can be turned on by setting the <code>breadcrumbs</code> application option, see <a href="http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html#breadcrumbs" class="no-ajaxy">http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html#breadcrumbs</a>. All other breadcrumbs are still displayed. </td>
<td>
MTM-29924</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > The smart rule “On measurement threshold create alarm” will create an alarm if the configuration is not valid when the rule is executed. </td>
<td>
MTM-34500</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A new property "i18Extra" is available for the application options to add custom translations. </td>
<td>
MTM-31545</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > After selecting 2 (two) series of the same measurement type, issues were detected with exporting the measurements from the data explorer, which are now fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-31421</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The "Map" widget now does not display more devices than configured as default pageSize for the map ( e.g. 40).
The "Map" widget is now able to traverse inventory until the point when it displays the full page. If it is not able to fill the page fully, a message is displayed that it has retrieved all the devices which could be found. </td>
<td>
MTM-29878</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Resolved an issue where SCADA widgets were not rendered correctly, which was caused by old data stored on dashboards.</td>
<td>
MTM-34303</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed issue occurring on the migration of export schedules. Performing the migration via the UI by clicking <b>Migrate now</b> in the exports page, lead to multiple export mails being sent.</td>
<td>
MTM-34497</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Creating a device type dashboard is now also possible for a child device assigned to a group.</td>
<td>
MTM-34010</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Copying a dashboard from one device to another will now show the correct source.</td>
<td>
MTM-33042</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > In the data point chart, strict values will change with the values on the Y axis.</td>
<td>
MTM-34594</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed an issue where the service responsible for fetching data for a given series was merging multiple requests into a single one. As a result, some charts could display a warning about truncated data even when they contained series with small amount of data.</td>
<td>
MTM-34585</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Filtering in the events list widget no longer ignores the event type set by the user.</td>
<td>
MTM-34482</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Improved reliability of loading indicator in the "Data point table" widget, which is now only shown when data is still being loaded.</td>
<td>
MTM-33647</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed issue with real-time updates of events/alarms in the "Data point graph" widget.</td>
<td>
MTM-32852</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > A new configuration option "nonFilteredFileExtensions" has been added to the microservice-package-maven plugin. It has the same functionality as in the maven-resources plugin.</td>
<td>
MTM-33956</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > By default, microservices can no longer directly call other microservices in the same Cumulocity IOT deployment. Instead, any service invocation has to be directed to the Cumulocity IoT platform APIs as described in the <em>Microservice SDK guide</em>. The sections <em>Proxy variables</em> and <em>Request routing</em> are particularly relevant in this context.</td>
<td>
MTM-23626</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > On creating or updating a "On measurement threshold create alarm" smart rule, validation of global threshold ranges in the Data Point Library has been added.</td>
<td>
MTM-32926</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the issue related to the lastDeviceMessage in the SCADA widget which did not display the occurrence of the last communication. Monitoring is now done on the following APIs: /measurements, /events, /operations, /alarms for last communication occurrence.</td>
<td>
MTM-33322</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > It is now possible to load custom widgets written in Angular with Cumulocity IoT Web SDK 10.6.x. The correct config-context is now passed to the widgets.</td>
<td>
MTM-35423</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the following build error: "ERROR in node_modules/@c8y/ngx-components/core/forms/schema-form.component.d.ts:2:34 - error TS2307: Cannot find module '@angular/upgrade/static'." which occurred in the Angular applications created with Angular CLI and with added @c8y/cli package.</td>
<td>
MTM-34542</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
