---
weight: 80
title: Release 10.7.0.24
---

<!--includes releases 10.6.7.0 - 10.6.12.0; 10.7.0.0 - 10.7.0.23-->


### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > A new C# example for the real-time notifications feature has been added at <a href="https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-sdk-cs/src/master/REST-SDK/RealTimeNotificationExample/" class="no-ajaxy">https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-sdk-cs/src/master/REST-SDK/RealTimeNotificationExample/</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-32859</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td >  A new Cloud Sensor App icon has been included in the "Connect smartphone" wizard.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > To improve performance, the "withChildren:false" parameter has been added to several calls to inventory. </td>
<td>
MTM-32437</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > To improve performance, requests to inventory&nbsp; to check if the user has permission now use the "withChildren:false" parameter. </td>
<td>
MTM-32482</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > To improve performance, in the sub-assets view of group details, the objects are now fetched from inventory using the childAssets endpoint instead of advanced querying (in-group). </td>
<td>
MTM-32441</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > To improve performance, the group assignment widget now uses the "withChildren:false" parameter in calls to inventory.</td>
<td>
MTM-32032</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > Improved the performance of the navigator groups items by changing how the inventory API is called to fetch managed objects. </td>
<td>
MTM-32870</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > In the view for root level groups the number of children for a group is no longer displayed by default but only shown on mouseover. </td>
<td>
MTM-32452</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > On the root groups views, the query to inventory uses the flags onlyRoots=true and withChildren=false.
This results in improved performance. </td>
<td>
MTM-32450</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > Performance has been improved by making breadcrumbs on devices and groups configurable. Per default, breadcrumbs on devices and groups are now turned off. They can be turned on by setting the <code>breadcrumbs</code> application option, see <a href="http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html#breadcrumbs" class="no-ajaxy">http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html#breadcrumbs</a>. All other breadcrumbs are still displayed. </td>
<td>
MTM-29924</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > Microservices with PER_TENANT isolation no longer periodically refresh subscriptions as this is not required.</td>
<td>
MTM-32207</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservice SDK</td>
<td >  Docker images are now removed after build to allow automatic docker images prune. To disable such behavior set the delete image parameter to false:
<br>&lt;plugin&gt;
<br>                &lt;groupId&gt;com.nsn.cumulocity.clients-java&lt;/groupId&gt;
<br>&nbsp;&lt;artifactId&gt;microservice-package-maven-plugin&lt;/artifactId&gt;
<br>&nbsp;&lt;configuration&gt;
<br>&nbsp;&lt;deleteImage&gt;false&lt;/deleteImage&gt;
 <br>               &lt;/configuration&gt;
 <br>           &lt;/plugin&gt; </td>
<td>
MTM-33358</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > Several libraries have been updated to fix known security vulnerables. </td>
<td>
MTM-33610</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > Java SDK: To optimize query performance, support for the inventory API query parameter without children has been added. The parameter now allows to execute queries to get a list or single managed objects faster by omitting the children list. Moreover, the amount of data returned by the endpoint is reduced. This is highly useful when querying a device group with a large set of child devices.<br>
Smart rule: Increased performance when getting the smart rules defined for a large group of devices. </td>
<td>
MTM-32455</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > The smart rule “On measurement threshold create alarm” will create an alarm if the configuration is not valid when the rule is executed. </td>
<td>
MTM-34500</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In general, every c8y-list-item can trigger a "pulse" css-animation now. This is useful when the customer needs to be notified (visually) that some changes were applied to a specific list item in a bigger list. For now, this pulse is used in the bulk operation list if the customer re-schedules a scheduled bulk operation. </td>
<td>
MTM-32543</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In case of filtering in a dropdown search box, the label "All" will change to "All filtered". The selection of all filtered items will auto-select "All filtered" and vice-versa. If at least one but not all displayed items are selected, then "All" / "All filtered" will show indeterminate (-). </td>
<td>
MTM-32708</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A new property "i18Extra" is available for the application options to add custom translations. </td>
<td>
MTM-31545</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > A timeout issue with the console when listening for real-time changes has been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-32850</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > <em>System.InvalidOperationException: Collection was modified on subscription of a managed object </em> - This exception will no longer be thrown after a subscription to a managed object event change.</td>
<td>
MTM-32849</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The Leaflet map in the Map widget is now displayed correctly after each refresh.</td>
<td>
MTM-31895</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Image icons in the <b>Location</b> tab of a device are now displayed properly.</td>
<td>
MTM-32795</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The "Data points graph" widget can be resized.</td>
<td>
MTM-31014</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > JavaScript event attributes (like onclick, onmouseover) can now also be used in SVG files in SCADA widgets and in the custom code in HTML widgets.</td>
<td>
MTM-30767</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > After selecting 2 (two) series of the same measurement type, issues were detected with exporting the measurements from the data explorer, which are now fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-31421</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The "Map" widget now does not display more devices than configured as default pageSize for the map ( e.g. 40).
The "Map" widget is now able to traverse inventory until the point when it displays the full page. If it is not able to fill the page fully, a message is displayed that it has retrieved all the devices which could be found. </td>
<td>
MTM-29878</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Resolved an issue where SCADA widgets were not rendered correctly, which was caused by old data stored on dashboards.</td>
<td>
MTM-34303</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed issue occurring on the migration of export schedules. Performing the migration via the UI by clicking <b>Migrate now</b> in the exports page, lead to multiple export mails being sent.</td>
<td>
MTM-34497</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Creating a device type dashboard is now also possible for a child device assigned to a group.</td>
<td>
MTM-34010</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Copying a dashboard from one device to another will now show the correct source.</td>
<td>
MTM-33042</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > In the data point chart, strict values will change with the values on the Y axis.</td>
<td>
MTM-34594</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed an issue where the service responsible for fetching data for a given series was merging multiple requests into a single one. As a result, some charts could display a warning about truncated data even when they contained series with small amount of data.</td>
<td>
MTM-34585</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Filtering in the events list widget no longer ignores the event type set by the user.</td>
<td>
MTM-34482</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Improved reliability of loading indicator in the "Data point table" widget, which is now only shown when data is still being loaded.</td>
<td>
MTM-33647</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed issue with real-time updates of events/alarms in the "Data point graph" widget.</td>
<td>
MTM-32852</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > Adding a new group will now be reflected in the groups detail view without further need to reload.</td>
<td>
MTM-31157</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > The title on the child devices tab is now displayed correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-32769</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > A new configuration option "nonFilteredFileExtensions" has been added to the microservice-package-maven plugin. It has the same functionality as in the maven-resources plugin.</td>
<td>
MTM-33956</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > By default, microservices can no longer directly call other microservices in the same Cumulocity IOT deployment. Instead, any service invocation has to be directed to the Cumulocity IoT platform APIs as described in the <em>Microservice SDK guide</em>. The sections <em>Proxy variables</em> and <em>Request routing</em> are particularly relevant in this context.</td>
<td>
MTM-23626</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > On creating or updating a "On measurement threshold create alarm" smart rule, validation of global threshold ranges in the Data Point Library has been added.</td>
<td>
MTM-32926</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Missing "@angular/upgrade" dependency is now added to the peer dependencies of c8y/ngx-components.</td>
<td>
MTM-32209</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the issue related to the lastDeviceMessage in the SCADA widget which did not display the occurrence of the last communication. Monitoring is now done on the following APIs: /measurements, /events, /operations, /alarms for last communication occurrence.</td>
<td>
MTM-33322</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > It is now possible to load custom widgets written in Angular with Cumulocity IoT Web SDK 10.6.x. The correct config-context is now passed to the widgets.</td>
<td>
MTM-35423</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the following build error: "ERROR in node_modules/@c8y/ngx-components/core/forms/schema-form.component.d.ts:2:34 - error TS2307: Cannot find module '@angular/upgrade/static'." which occurred in the Angular applications created with Angular CLI and with added @c8y/cli package.</td>
<td>
MTM-34542</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Binaries uploaded via the Web SDK now have the correct file type.</td>
<td>
MTM-29893</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
