---
weight: 100
title: 10.6.11.0
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>


<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > Improved the performance of the navigator groups items by changing how the inventory API is called to fetch managed objects. </td>
<td>
MTM-32870</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > In the view for root level groups the number of children for a group is no longer displayed by default but only shown on mouseover. </td>
<td>
MTM-32452</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > The documentation on metering and billing of microservices has been extended to improve transparency, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/users-guide/enterprise-edition/#usage-and-billing" class="no-ajaxy">Enterprise Tenant > Usage statistics and billing</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33651</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservice SDK</td>
<td >  Docker images are now removed after build to allow automatic docker images prune. To disable such behavior set the delete image parameter to false:
<br>&lt;plugin&gt;
<br>                &lt;groupId&gt;com.nsn.cumulocity.clients-java&lt;/groupId&gt;
<br>&nbsp;&lt;artifactId&gt;microservice-package-maven-plugin&lt;/artifactId&gt;
<br>&nbsp;&lt;configuration&gt;
<br>&nbsp;&lt;deleteImage&gt;false&lt;/deleteImage&gt;
 <br>               &lt;/configuration&gt;
 <br>           &lt;/plugin&gt; </td>
<td>
MTM-33358</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT-SN</td>
<td > Paho MQTT client has been upgraded to version 1.2.4. </td>
<td>
MTM-33410</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > It is now possible to order managed object's subcollections using the query parameter. </td>
<td>
MTM-32730</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > Java SDK: To optimize query performance, support for the inventory API query parameter without children has been added. The parameter now allows to execute queries to get a list or single managed objects faster by omitting the children list. Moreover, the amount of data returned by the endpoint is reduced. This is highly useful when querying a device group with a large set of child devices.<br>
Smart rule: Increased performance when getting the smart rules defined for a large group of devices. </td>
<td>
MTM-32455</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Image icons in the <b>Location</b> tab of a device are now displayed properly.</td>
<td>
MTM-32795</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The "Data points graph" widget can be resized.</td>
<td>
MTM-31014</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > JavaScript event attributes (like onclick, onmouseover) can now also be used in SVG files in SCADA widgets and in the custom code in HTML widgets.</td>
<td>
MTM-30767</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Logging</td>
<td > Improved the load balancer configuration to not flood the error logs with meaningless entries.</td>
<td>
MTM-23462</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Security</td>
<td > Resolved incorrect support user elevated rights assignment in the management tenant.</td>
<td>
MTM-32527</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Binaries uploaded via the Web SDK now have the correct file type.</td>
<td>
MTM-29893</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

