---
weight: 110
title: 10.6.10.0
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > To improve performance, requests to inventory&nbsp; to check if the user has permission now use the "withChildren:false" parameter. </td>
<td>
MTM-32482</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > To improve performance, in the sub-assets view of group details, the objects are now fetched from inventory using the childAssets endpoint instead of advanced querying (in-group). </td>
<td>
MTM-32441</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > To improve performance, the group assignment widget now uses the "withChildren:false" parameter in calls to inventory.</td>
<td>
MTM-32032</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Support has been added for the "withChildren" parameter when querying managed objects child collections. </td>
<td>
MTM-32440</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The OpenIT service URL has been changed from <em>sms.openit.de</em> to <em>https://sms.plusserver.com/put.php</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33053</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cloud Remote Access</td>
<td > The websocket connection URL has been fixed. It now uses the domain name instead of the tenant ID. </td>
<td>
MTM-33062</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > An issue has been fixed with concurrent activation of multiple data broker connectors.</td>
<td>
MTM-31946</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > Improved inter-cluster communication mechanism to deal with situations when one of the nodes is responding slowly.</td>
<td>
MTM-32159</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > Adding a new group will now be reflected in the groups detail view without further need to reload.</td>
<td>
MTM-31157</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > The title on the child devices tab is now displayed correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-32769</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

