---
weight: 120
title: 10.6.7.0 - 10.6.9.0
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > A new C# example for the real-time notifications feature has been added at <a href="https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-sdk-cs/src/master/REST-SDK/RealTimeNotificationExample/" class="no-ajaxy">https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-sdk-cs/src/master/REST-SDK/RealTimeNotificationExample/</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-32859</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td >  A new Cloud Sensor App icon has been included in the "Connect smartphone" wizard.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > To improve performance, the "withChildren:false" parameter has been added to several calls to inventory. </td>
<td>
MTM-32437</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > The "/application/currentApplication" address has been excluded from request counting. </td>
<td>
MTM-32206</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The following changes have been implemented for alarms on queue overflow:
<br>- An alarm is now also sent when the output queue is full (similar to the alarm for the input queue). 
<br>- For output queues, the alarm text will include the affected connector. 
<br>- The alarm severity has been changed from CRITICAL to MAJOR.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32280</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td >  The documentation on tenant usage statistics has been improved.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32208</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td >  The Enterprise Tenant section has been updated to include the support of full chain certificates. For details, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/users-guide/enterprise-edition#customization" class="no-ajaxy">Enterprise Tenant > Customizing your platform</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-32145</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > Microservices with PER_TENANT isolation no longer periodically refresh subscriptions as this is not required.</td>
<td>
MTM-32207</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  New static MQTT operation response templates have been added:
<br>- Firmware with patch (525)
<br>- Software update (528)
<br>- Configuration download with type (524)
<br>- Configuration upload with type (526)
<br>- Data profile (527) </td>
<td>
MTM-31466</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  MQTT queues are purged when an MQTT device or tenant is deleted.  </td>
<td>
MTM-31469</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Report-agent</td>
<td > The migration of scheduled exports based on smart rules is now automatically executed while displaying a message informing the user about the process. </td>
<td>
MTM-31426</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > The performance for API calls that require checking of inventory permissions has been improved.</td>
<td>
MTM-32045</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td > JWKS token verification now supports all RSA public keys types. </td>
<td>
MTM-31980</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td > JWT headers have been added to audit logs. </td>
<td>
MTM-32707</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 Various </td>
<td > Retention rule execution makes better use of the system resources, this increases performance of the retention rule execution and reduces load on the system. </td>
<td>
MTM-30785</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In general, every c8y-list-item can trigger a "pulse" css-animation now. This is useful when the customer needs to be notified (visually) that some changes were applied to a specific list item in a bigger list. For now, this pulse is used in the bulk operation list if the customer re-schedules a scheduled bulk operation. </td>
<td>
MTM-32543</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In case of filtering in a dropdown search box, the label "All" will change to "All filtered". The selection of all filtered items will auto-select "All filtered" and vice-versa. If at least one but not all displayed items are selected, then "All" / "All filtered" will show indeterminate (-). </td>
<td>
MTM-32708</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > A timeout issue with the console when listening for real-time changes has been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-32850</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > <em>System.InvalidOperationException: Collection was modified on subscription of a managed object </em> - This exception will no longer be thrown after a subscription to a managed object event change.</td>
<td>
MTM-32849</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
CellID</td>
<td > If the Google geolocation service does not know the WLAN that a smartbox device sends to the Cumulocity IoT platform, it will no longer use the center of Germany as fall back but throw a 404 exception instead.</td>
<td>
MTM-32403</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The Leaflet map in the Map widget is now displayed correctly after each refresh.</td>
<td>
MTM-31895</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > An issue caused by the openresty package upgrade has been resolved.</td>
<td>
MTM-31279</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > The branding option for changing hover-color now works correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-31628</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > Realtime notifications on deletion of managed objects are no longer sent twice.</td>
<td>
MTM-32567</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > When a user is logged in via SSO, the access to the /cep/notification endpoint is no longer prevented.</td>
<td>
MTM-31094</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td > Firmware binary files can now be downloaded without issues when a user is logged in via SSO.</td>
<td>
MTM-32121</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Missing "@angular/upgrade" dependency is now added to the peer dependencies of c8y/ngx-components.</td>
<td>
MTM-32209</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

