---
weight: 90
title: 10.6.12.0
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > On the <b>Inventory roles</b> tab in the user details, the groups tree is now loaded progressively. Only the root groups are loaded. The user can click each group to expand the sub groups, or click <b>Expand all groups</b> to expand every sub group in sequence.
This change was motivated for performance reasons, improving the speed considerably in tenants with large number of groups and devices. </td>
<td>
MTM-32456</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > The microservice resource usage returned by the tenant usage statistics API has been documented, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/reference/tenants#tenant-usage-statistics" class="no-ajaxy">Tenants > Tenants usage statistics</a> in the <em>Reference guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-33623</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > Information has been added on microservice custom metrics when sending the monthly statistics email report. </td>
<td>
MTM-32866</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > On the root groups views, the query to inventory uses the flags onlyRoots=true and withChildren=false.
This results in improved performance. </td>
<td>
MTM-32450</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Kubernetes</td>
<td > The security of the microservice hosting feature has been improved. Microservices have to communicate with the core platform services but can longer invoke other microservices on the cluster directly. </td>
<td>
MTM-32039</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > Several libraries have been updated to fix known security vulnerables. </td>
<td>
MTM-33610</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > A new MQTT static template has been added: "Set currently installed configuration" (120), see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/device-sdk/mqtt/#mqtt-static-templates" class="no-ajaxy">Device integration using MQTT > MQTT static templates</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33618</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > Deletion of audit logs is no longer permitted. All DELETE requests to the audit API should return the error “405 Method not allowed”. See also <a href="/release-notes/release-10-7-0/#10-7-0-migration" class="no-ajaxy">Release notes > Release 10.7.0 > Migration notes</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-27301</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > Apache CXF library has been upgraded to version 3.3.7. </td>
<td>
MTM-32511</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > Fixed an issue which made passwords with slashes not work during WebSocket connection.</td>
<td>
MTM-33764</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > CORS settings: Calls on the same domain are not blocked. The backend allows all requests which come from the baseUrl domain, no matter if HTTP or HTTPS is used.</td>
<td>
MTM-31025</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor Authentication</td>
<td > Users with the login mode "OAuth internal"&nbsp;can now log in with a user alias.</td>
<td>
MTM-33743</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table></div>
