---
weight: 80
title: Release 10.7.0.24
---

<!--includes releases 10.6.7.0 - 10.6.12.0; 10.7.0.0 - 10.7.0.23-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > On the <b>Inventory roles</b> tab in the user details, the groups tree is now loaded progressively. Only the root groups are loaded. The user can click each group to expand the sub groups, or click <b>Expand all groups</b> to expand every sub group in sequence.
This change was motivated for performance reasons, improving the speed considerably in tenants with large number of groups and devices. </td>
<td>
MTM-32456</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Audit logs are created when a bulk operation has been changed. </td>
<td>
MTM-33153</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > A new Knowledge Hub is available for free-trial tenants on the Cumulocity IoT Cloud instances. The Knowledge Hub provides access to short videos, tours, articles, help and shortcuts, and thus introduces to the Cumulocity IoT platform, see also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/users-guide/getting-started/#knowledge-hub"" class="no-ajaxy">Getting started > Knowledge Hub</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. The new Knowledge Hub is based on the integration of <a href="https://www.gainsight.com/product-experience/" class="no-ajaxy">GainSight PX (GSPX)</a>, a user analytics and customer engagement platform, which aims at improving the customer experience. </td>
<td>
MTM-31817</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > The "/application/currentApplication" address has been excluded from request counting. </td>
<td>
MTM-32206</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > The microservice resource usage returned by the tenant usage statistics API has been documented, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/reference/tenants#tenant-usage-statistics" class="no-ajaxy">Tenants > Tenants usage statistics</a> in the <em>Reference guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-33623</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > Information has been added on microservice custom metrics when sending the monthly statistics email report. </td>
<td>
MTM-32866</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > To ensure parity in the billing for customers the request counting in SmartREST and MQTT is now more consistent. The behaviour now matches that for the REST interface. For details see, <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/reference/tenants/#tenant-usage-statistics" class="no-ajaxy">Tenants > Tenant usage statistics</a> in the <em>Reference guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-32970</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The following changes have been implemented for alarms on queue overflow:
<br>- An alarm is now also sent when the output queue is full (similar to the alarm for the input queue).
<br>- For output queues, the alarm text will include the affected connector.
<br>- The alarm severity has been changed from CRITICAL to MAJOR.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32280</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Kubernetes</td>
<td > The security of the microservice hosting feature has been improved. Microservices have to communicate with the core platform services but can longer invoke other microservices on the cluster directly. </td>
<td>
MTM-32039</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  New static MQTT operation response templates have been added:
<br>- Firmware with patch (525)
<br>- Software update (528)
<br>- Configuration download with type (524)
<br>- Configuration upload with type (526)
<br>- Data profile (527) </td>
<td>
MTM-31466</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  MQTT queues are purged when an MQTT device or tenant is deleted.  </td>
<td>
MTM-31469</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > A new MQTT static template has been added: "Set currently installed configuration" (120), see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/device-sdk/mqtt/#mqtt-static-templates" class="no-ajaxy">Device integration using MQTT > MQTT static templates</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33618</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > A new parameter&nbsp; "mqtt.clientCertificate.maxChainLength" has been added to the core properties which allows to set the max length of chain of trust provided by the MQTT device. The default value is set to 2. </td>
<td>
MTM-33683</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT-SN</td>
<td > Paho MQTT client has been upgraded to version 1.2.4. </td>
<td>
MTM-33410</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Report-agent</td>
<td > The migration of scheduled exports based on smart rules is now automatically executed while displaying a message informing the user about the process. </td>
<td>
MTM-31426</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > The performance for API calls that require checking of inventory permissions has been improved.</td>
<td>
MTM-32045</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Support has been added for the "withChildren" parameter when querying managed objects child collections. </td>
<td>
MTM-32440</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > It is now possible to order managed object's subcollections using the query parameter. </td>
<td>
MTM-32730</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Deletion of audit logs is no longer permitted. All DELETE requests to the audit API should return the error “405 Method not allowed”. See also <a href="/release-10-7-0/migration-10-7-0" class="no-ajaxy">Release 10.7.0 > Migration notes</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-27301</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Apache CXF library has been upgraded to version 3.3.7. </td>
<td>
MTM-32511</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Retention rules </td>
<td > Retention rule execution makes better use of the system resources, this increases performance of the retention rule execution and reduces load on the system. </td>
<td>
MTM-30785</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td > JWKS token verification now supports all RSA public keys types. </td>
<td>
MTM-31980</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td > JWT headers have been added to audit logs. </td>
<td>
MTM-32707</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > <a href="http://bics.com" class="no-ajaxy">bics.com</a> has been added as a new SMS provider to the SMS-gateway. </td>
<td>
MTM-33890</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > The SMS-gateway now supports using Comarch as SMS provider. </td>
<td>
MTM-34939</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor Authentication</td>
<td > If TFA is enforced on the system level for all users or for a single role, this information is now displayed under Administration &gt; Authentication &gt; TFA Settings. </td>
<td>
MTM-33351</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > The administrator can now enforce TOTP for other users. </td>
<td>
MTM-33430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 Various </td>
<td > The Core and Load Balancer nodes can have SELinux enabled; this improves the security of the Cumulocity IoT Cluster. </td>
<td>
MTM-30305</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The OpenIT service URL has been changed from <em>sms.openit.de</em> to <em> <a href="https://sms.plusserver.com/put.php"  class="no-ajaxy">https://sms.plusserver.com/put.php </a></em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33053</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The support user until now was not able to change another account's password because the <b>Confirm password</b> dialog would not accept the support user's current password. This issue has been fixed, and now the support user is able to change the password for another account successfully.</td>
<td>
MTM-32577</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The branding binary can only be deleted by removing the whole application. On the <b>Branding</b> page, the delete button is now disabled for the active binary.</td>
<td>
MTM-32574</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The tenant option sms77.api.key  is now prefixed with "credentials." implicitly in order to fetch the correct option value.</td>
<td>
MTM-34362</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > When handling timezones in the tenant usage statistics, the timezone information is now taken into account.</td>
<td>
MTM-35137</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The menu item for the SMS provider setting is now only visible in the navigator if the microservice for the SMS functionality (sms-gateway) is subscribed to the corresponding tenant.</td>
<td>
MTM-35261</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
CellID</td>
<td > If the Google geolocation service does not know the WLAN that a smartbox device sends to the Cumulocity IoT platform, it will no longer use the center of Germany as fall back but throw a 404 exception instead.</td>
<td>
MTM-32403</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td > An issue caused by the openresty package upgrade has been resolved.</td>
<td>
MTM-31279</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td > Improved inter-cluster communication mechanism to deal with situations when one of the nodes is responding slowly.</td>
<td>
MTM-32159</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > An issue has been fixed with concurrent activation of multiple data broker connectors.</td>
<td>
MTM-31946</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The error message that shows up when a data-broker connector cannot be created now includes details, e.g. the SSL certificate problem with the destination URL.</td>
<td>
MTM-35686</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > The branding option for changing hover-color now works correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-31628</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > After changing/saving the admin user´s phone number in the tenant editor it is now updated correctly in the subtenants.</td>
<td>
MTM-34388</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Logging</td>
<td > Improved the load balancer configuration to not flood the error logs with meaningless entries.</td>
<td>
MTM-23462</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td > Improved MongoDB performance that was impacted when counting documents.</td>
<td>
MTM-35111</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > Requests made with JSON via MQTT are counted to the tenant statistics. For details see, <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/reference/tenants/#tenant-usage-statistics" class="no-ajaxy">Tenants > Tenant usage statistics</a> in the <em>Reference guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34123</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  The creation of subscriptions to MQTT topics has been changed to prevent subscriptions of unverified devices. A device is called unverified if the device definition (managed object) doesn’t include the "com_cumulocity_model_Agent" fragment. When trying to do so the client now gets an exception on one of the following topics: "s/e" for errors, "s/dl" for SmartREST 1.0 over MQTT and "s/dcr" for credentials for device registration.
<br>
Note that this change might lead to a situation where existing device registration processes no longer work if they so far did not comply with the device integration process. The basic life cycle for integrating devices into Cumulocity IoT using the MQTT implementation is described in <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/device-sdk/mqtt/#device-integration" class="no-ajaxy">Device integration using MQTT > Device integration</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>.
<br>In case of any issues, ensure that the order of commands complies with the order described in this description.
</td>
<td>
MTM-31300</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Operations</td>
<td >The outdated URL <em>https://www.cumulocity.com/guides/reference-guide/#error_reporting</em> has been changed to <em>https://cumulocity.com/guides/reference/rest-implementation#error_reporting</em> in error messages and is accessible.</td>
<td>
MTM-33710</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > Realtime notifications on deletion of managed objects are no longer sent twice.</td>
<td>
MTM-32567</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > When a user is logged in via SSO, the access to the /cep/notification endpoint is no longer prevented.</td>
<td>
MTM-31094</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > The error response from the real-time endpoint will not return sensitive server information.</td>
<td>
MTM-34650</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Fixed an issue which made passwords with slashes not work during WebSocket connection.</td>
<td>
MTM-33764</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > CORS settings: Calls on the same domain are not blocked. The backend allows all requests which come from the baseUrl domain, no matter if HTTP or HTTPS is used.</td>
<td>
MTM-31025</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Real-time notifications for managed object updates will send refreshed data if a device becomes unavailable.</td>
<td>
MTM-33401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > The alarm count in managed objects now is correctly updated after deleting a bulk of alarms.</td>
<td>
MTM-32757</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Additional validation has been added to check the occurrence of control characters in messages sent by MQTT.
Allowed characters are "\n \t \r".</td>
<td>
MTM-34174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Security</td>
<td > Resolved incorrect support user elevated rights assignment in the management tenant.</td>
<td>
MTM-32527</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single sign-on</td>
<td > Firmware binary files can now be downloaded without issues when a user is logged in via SSO.</td>
<td>
MTM-32121</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single sign-on</td>
<td > Login with SSO is again possible without the requestOrigin parameter.</td>
<td>
MTM-34221</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > sms-gateway no longer returns an error when the "receiptRequest" element is not provided in the request.</td>
<td>
MTM-32957</td>
</tr

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor Authentication</td>
<td > Users with the login mode "OAuth internal"&nbsp;can now log in with a user alias.</td>
<td>
MTM-33743</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor Authentication</td>
<td > The activity time for the support user is updated if SMS TFA is used.</td>
<td>
MTM-33015</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > Issue fixed when logging in as a support user, once the tenant ID is provided in the user input on the login screen.</td>
<td>
MTM-35125</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
