---
weight: 59
title: Release 10.7.0.36
layout: bundle
---


### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Username validation and NewDeviceRequest validation have been improved. </td>
<td>
MTM-37120</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > The QR code for the TOTP configuration is now generated by JS framework instead of Google API. </td>
<td>
MTM-37833</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the <b>User</b> page, changing the password for the current user is now working.</td>
<td>
MTM-37314</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The tenant password policy widget is now aligned with the page flow.</td>
<td>
MTM-37387</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Implemented translation-related changes:
<br>- Better matching for multiline translation strings
<br>- Fixed issue where strings were not translated upon page load/refresh or user translation changes
<br>- Fixed minor bugs caused by missing translation pipes</td>
<td>
MTM-37044</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > Fixed handling big values for measurements provided via scientific notification. Values are now stored as floating point type.</td>
<td>
MTM-37811</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > To improve compatibility with CORS-dependent clients, the 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is now appended to the response returned from the microservice proxy when the 'Origin' header is used in request.</td>
<td>
MTM-35817</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Report agent</td>
<td > The add/edit/duplicate/delete options are now hidden when the user does not have the permission to change export schedules, or the report microservice is not subscribed.</td>
<td>
MTM-37312</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Report agent</td>
<td > When migrating smart-rule-based schedules to the new reporting agent, the platform will make sure they are activated right away, without any required extra action from user side.</td>
<td>
MTM-37718</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > The SMS77 configuration with inherit.enable=true now allows the inheritance of  encrypted api.key defined by credentials.api.key.</td>
<td>
MTM-36982</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
