---
weight: 70
title: Release 10.7.0.31
layout: bundle
---


### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
CEP </td>
<td > Customers who are still using CEL (Esper) as a CEP engine will receive an alarm once a day which informs them about the deprecation of the service. </td>
<td>
MTM-36221</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The save functionality on the config component has been extended, custom widgets can now fire a life-cycle-hook (onBeforeSave) before a configuration is saved. </td>
<td>
MTM-35430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The behaviour of the <b>Scroll lock</b> toggle in the "Data point table" widget has been clarified by changing its label to <b>Auto-scroll</b> and adding a tooltip, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.7.0/users-guide/cockpit/#widgets" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Widgets collection</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34173</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The target URL connectivity test during connector creation has been improved to ensure it works correctly in all cases. </td>
<td>
MTM-36786</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > The Hugo version used for generating the documentation website at https://cumulocity.com/guides/about-doc/ has been updated from 0.55.0 to 0.80.0. </td>
<td>
MTM-34547</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the <b>Inventory</b> tab, a user without relevant permission will no longer see the inventory tree. The error message displayed if a user does not have the relevant permission now shows the correct information. 
In the <b>Application access</b> tab, a user without relevant permission will no longer be able to edit.</td>
<td>
MTM-33393</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Fixed an issue, when the UI was treating file size limits in bits instead of bytes.</td>
<td>
MTM-35966</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise tenant </td>
<td >In the <b>Branding</b> tab, the validation of the favicon has been fixed. It is now again possible to upload an .ico file. </td>
<td>
MTM-36883</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > To improve performance, the memory consumption has been reduced when using inventory roles READ ACLs for realtime notifications on /* channels.</td>
<td>
MTM-36926</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td >For more clarity, a new warning message has been added for disabled users with TOTP, stating that the user is disabled.&nbsp;</td>
<td>
MTM-36710</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>
 