---
title: Release 10.11.0
layout: redirect
weight: 40
---

### Improvements in Machine Learning Engine

* Role Based Access Control:<br>
The Machine Learning Engine now comes with "Role Based Access Control" which mandates assigning users to the Machine Learning Global Roles or User groups in order to enable them to use Cumulocity IoT Machine Learning. This was done to tighten the security of the product and avoid issues of Privilege Escalation.
Existing Machine Learning application users would see *Access is denied* if they are not yet part of Machine Learning Global Roles. Likewise, the [Zementis microservice APIs](https://cumulocity.com/guides/machine-learning/api-reference/) would respond with `403 - Forbidden` if the necesary permissions are not associated with the requests made by the clients. Refer to the [Machine learning guide](https://cumulocity.com/guides/machine-learning/introduction/#mle-overview) for more details on this.

- Enhancements:
    - Retention period for events created during training of Clustering models is made longer. This will help users in fetching the information about clusters until a longer period of time.
    - Improvements were made in overall log patterns and log statements of the Machine Learning Engine microservices.
    - Machine Learning application now shows all the error messages in the form of alerts to deliver a consistent user experience.
    - Restrictions have been imposed in the Machine Learning application upon usage of large texts in the input fields. Max length is restricted to 200 characters Also, restrictions have been imposed upon usage of certain special characters.
    * Upgrades:
        * Angular used in Machine Learning application has been upgraded from version 8 to version 11.
        * Python version used in Nyoka and Onnx microservices has been upgraded from 3.6 to 3.7.11.
        * The version of "onnx-runtime" used in Onnx microservice has been upgraded from 1.3.0 to 1.5.2.
        * Zementis microservice has been updated to use UBI8 as it's base image.

* Bug fixes:
    - The HTTP response code with which `{{url}}/service/zementis/train/timeseries` and `{{url}}/service/zementis/train/clustering` APIs respond has been updated from `200 - OK` to `202 - Accepted`.
    - JSON parser now throws a consistent `400 - Bad Request` when an incorrect JSON is passed by the user. Earlier it was throwing `500 - Internal Server Error` in some cases.
    - Scoring of invalid file was throwing plain text error causing Machine Learning application to break. This is fixed now.
    - Fixed the issue where appropriate validations were missing while scheduling a job as part of Scheduled Processing.
    - Fized the issue where in certain scenarios Zementis microservice would fail to start if it encountered errors while restoring existing artifacts.


### Improvements in Machine Learning Workbench

- Enhancements:
    - AutoML improvements:
        - Unsupervised learning provides all the hyper-parameter options for Anomaly Detection while training Isolation Forests/One-Class SVM models.
        - Supervised learning provides Cross-Validation accuracy in the tasks.
    - Workflow improvements:
        * Workflow API accepts "Test Size" parameter. Tasks API computes training and testing accuracy.
    - Neural Networks improvements:
        * Neural Network Designer now supports RNN layers (LSTM, GRU).
        * Introduced early stopping for model training.
    - Improve project commit/pull experience:
        * Project commits and pulls to/from the C8Y inventory runs as background tasks.
        * Control switches to the "Projects" page when commit is performed. Control remains on the "Projects" page when version pull is initiated. 
        * In both cases, UI will show a small loader to indicate task is in progress.
        * Project delete runs as a background task.
        * User will have an option to navigate to "Tasks" section and check the progress status.
    - Improvements done to overcome the upload/download bandwidth for large I/O on Cumulocity.
    * Upgrades:
        * Python version in mlw microservice has been upgraded from 3.6 to 3.7.11.
        * The version of "tpot" used in mlw microservice has been upgraded from 0.9.6 to 0.10.0.
        * Angular used in Machine Learning Workbench application has been upgraded from version 8 to version 11. 
    
* Bug fixes:
    * Fixed the issue related to AutoML getting stuck forever in 'RUNNING' status.
    * Fixed issue with AutoML generation results within the tasks API.
    * Fixed the issue related to Python export from Jupyter Notebook.


### Announcements

* The functionality of data pull from the Cumulocity IoT DataHub within MLW on EDGE is not supported from 10.7 release onwards.
* The deprecations mentioned in the [anouncements section from last release](/release-10-10-0/machine-learning-10-10-0/#10_10_0) are now removed.

