---
weight: 32
title: Release 10.6.0.10
---

### Improvements

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Load Balancer</td>
<td > To improve performance and scalability, new ports to connect via MQTT with round-robin scheduling have been added.
 </td>
<td>
MTM-31239</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 Microservice </td>
<td >  Updated libraries with known vulnerabilities to the latest version for the following microservice agents:<br>
- vendme-order-agent<br>
- sms-gateway<br>
- smartgroup-agent<br>
- cellid-agent<br>
- firware-approval-agent<br>
- impact-agent<br>
- iodd-agent<br>
  </td>
<td>
MTM-30820</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table>


### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td >   The search functionality has been improved.&nbsp; When you click on a device in a search result, the device details will open immediately.</td>
<td>
MTM-32742</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td >  All configurable email templates now support the {tenant-domain} placeholder.</td>
<td>
MTM-30291</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td >   The data broker now automatically retries requests which failed because the destination server closed long-lasting idle connections. This fix reduces the possibility to lose requests via data broker.</td>
<td>
MTM-32177</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td >  Fixed an issue where the <b>Measurements</b> tab in Device Management was only visible on reload.</td>
<td>
MTM-32265</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td >   Values in custom columns in the device list are now displayed in the same way as they are stored in the inventory.</td>
<td>
MTM-32290</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Device protocol page can now display more than 100 device protocols.</td>
<td>
MTM-29385</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td >  The branding option for changing hover-color now works correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-31628</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td >The LWM2M object details page now displays the correct content when navigating between instances of the same object.</td>
<td>
MTM-32220</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  To improve performance, the MQTT queue limit for a tenant is now calculated based on the number of tenants, not based on the number of connected devices.&nbsp;</td>
<td>
MTM-31468</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td >   When a user is logged in via SSO, the access to the /cep/notification endpoint is no longer prevented.</td>
<td>
MTM-31094</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Excel report files are no longer empty when using the "time" parameter in the export. The Excel file now shows the correct data.</td>
<td>
MTM-31620</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single sign-on</td>
<td > Firmware binary files can now be downloaded without issues when a user is logged in via SSO.</td>
<td>
MTM-32121</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>


