---
title: Release 10.13.0
layout: redirect
weight: 40
---

### Improvements in Machine Learning Engine
 
- Enhancements:
  - Added support in the Nyoka microservice for getting a matrix profile to detect anomalies present in a given Timeseries data.
  - Enabled Zementis microservice to scale out if and when more compute is required for serving the incoming inference requests.
  - Implemented caching of user roles in Nyoka and Onnx microservices in order to improve the performance of all the exposed REST APIs.
  - Improved the logic of pipeline restoration in the Onnx microservice to ensure a more robust & reliable restoration process.
  - Added support for audio processing by allowing pre-processing scripts to leverage the `librosa` library in the Onnx microservice.
  - In the Machine Learning application, ongoing requests are now cancelled if the user navigates away from the current page at any point in time.
 
* Upgrades:
  * Machine Learning web application upgraded from Angular version 11 to version 12.
  * Machine Learning web application upgraded to use Cumulocity Web SDK 1013.0.0.
  * Nyoka and Onnx microservices upgraded NumPy from version 1.18.1 to version 1.18.5.
  * Zementis microservice upgraded to use Cumulocity Java Microservice SDK 1011.0.16.
 
- Bug fixes:
  - Fixed an issue where users used to see `Access is denied` if OAuth was used as the tenant’s authentication scheme.
  - Fixed the issue where users used to see `Resource not found` error message while trying to delete artifacts.
  - Fixed the issue where download of artefacts containing comma in the name was failing.
  - Fixed the issues where scoring data present in a ZIP file was throwing errors.


### Improvements in Machine Learning Workbench

* Role Based Access Control:\
With this release, to use Cumulocity IoT Machine Learning Workbench, it is mandatory that users are assigned to Machine Learning global roles or user groups. This was done to tighten the security of the product and avoid issues related to privilege escalation. Existing Machine Learning Workbench application users will see an *Access denied* error if they are not yet part of Machine Learning global roles or user groups. Likewise, the [MLW microservice APIs](https://cumulocity.com/guides{{< 10-13-0 >}}/machine-learning/api-reference-mlw/) will respond with `403 - Forbidden` if the necessary permissions are not associated with the requests made by the clients. Refer to the [Machine Learning guide](https://cumulocity.com/guides{{< 10-13-0 >}}/machine-learning/introduction/#mlw-overview) for more details.

* Enable Project Export and Import:\
Machine Learning Workbench provides a project-based structure for encapsulating data science assets - data, code, resources, and models. This helps Data Scientists and Machine Learning practitioners organize assets relevant to various stages of model lifecycle from data preparation to model building and deployment.

To facilitate collaboration and sharing, MLW allows the user to export the contents of a project as a compressed file. Similarly, it is possible for the user to upload the contents from an exported archive. Enabling project export and import will make it easier for Data Scientists and Machine Learning practitioners to share their work packaged as self-contained projects.

* Jupyter UI:\
The Jupyter notebook UI of Machine Learning Workbench was a custom implementation created by using Monaco editor. The UI has been upgraded to the JupyterLab, which is the next-generation user interface for Project Jupyter, offering all the familiar building blocks of the classic Jupyter Notebook (notebook, text editor, file browser, rich outputs, etc.) in a flexible and powerful user interface.

- Enhancements:
  - Project improvements:
    - Enabled resource rename for project artifacts.
    - Enabled Data validation with type annotations using the Pydantic package for all the MLW APIs.
    - Ability to delete a specific version of a project via the API (`{{url}}/service/mlw/projects/{projectID}?versionNumber={versionNumber}`).
  - Neural networks improvements:
    - Full screen mode for Neural Network Designer.
    - Improvements to Neural Network task to show model training progress graphically.

* Upgrades:
  * Machine Learning Workbench web application upgraded from Angular version 11 to version 12.
  * MLW microservice upgraded from tensorflow version 1.15.3 to version 2.0.4.
  * MLW microservice upgraded from ipython version 7.16.1 to version 7.31.1.
  * MLW microservice upgraded from ipykernel version 5.3.4 to version 6.8.0.
  * MLW microservice upgraded from Apache-httpd version 2.4.38 to version 2.4.52.
  * MLW microservice downgraded from numpy version 1.19.1 to version 1.18.5 to support tensorflow 2.0.

- Bug fixes:
  - Fixed the issue of downloading artifacts from a project taking long time by introducing the progress bar.
  - Fixed the issue of training more epochs on the integrated Jupyter Notebook within the MLW by upgrading the teansorflow to 2.0.
  - Fixed the issue of committing the project when an already existing project commit task is in-progress.
  - Fixed the issue of deleting the project when any of the project related task is in-progress.
