---
date: ""
title: Removal of deprecated JWT login mode
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-53448
version: "10.20"
---
The JWT authentication with Cumulocity provider which is deprecated since version 10.6 will be removed.
This is not to be confused with SSO or OAI-Secure (OAuth-Internal) authentication, which are recommended and still supported.

The deprecated authentication using JWT token with Cumulocity provider is not supported by UI applications. The tokens are generated by the client and not by the Cumulocity IoT applications.
Tokens are sent to the the Cumulocity IoT platform using the Authorization: Bearer header.

To verify that the deprecated JWT is not used in your environment follow the 2 steps below. This must be done by the operations team that has access to the database:

1. Verify if any empty authenticationProviders configuration exists in the management database in the tenants' collections.
2. Verify if any tenant has configured the tenant options with the category "token.publicKey".

If the “authenticationProvider” or tenant option with the "token.publicKey" category exists it may indicate that a deprecated JWT is or was used in the past.
In that case, check whether external services do not use this type of authentication.
Please note that all usages of 'deprecated jwt' can be replaced with the currently supported authentication login method
using [SSO](https://cumulocity.com/guides/users-guide/administration/#configuring-single-sign-on) or [authentication with external tokens](https://cumulocity.com/guides/users-guide/administration/#configuring-authentication-with-oauth2-access-tokens-from-authorization-servers).