---
weight: 30
title: 10.5.7.5
--- 

### Information for customers deploying and operating their own instance of Cumulocity IoT 
> 
> **Important:**
> An issue has been identified that can lead to excessive RAM usage which finally leads to problems with the Linux OOM-Killer mechanism. Customers deploying and operating their own instance of Cumulocity IoT, are asked to follow the updated instructions on the configuration of memory settings  described here:
>
>* *Backend installation > Create the Cumulocity environment file > Important configuration items* in the *Multi-node installation guide*.
>* *Operational procedures > Karaf memory considerations* in the *Operations guide*.

**Kubernetes Network Plugin**

When installing an 10.5.7 environment or when upgrading from 10.5.0 to 10.5.7, specify flannel as the Kubernetes network plugin. See *Specify flannel as Kubernetes network plugin* in the *Multi-node installation guide*.

**Kubernetes Pod Network CIDR**

In order to avoid a conflict with any host network you can define an individual CIDR range for the Kubernetes network plugin. See *Kubernetes Pod Network CIDR* in the *Multi-node installation guide*.

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Area</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Jira ticket</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The data points table is now rendered correctly and all display issues have been fixed. </td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-28989
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Sigfox</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The creation of the Sigfox “Service Data Advance” callback template is now based on the networkMetadata contract option to avoid creation failure alarms.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30164</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LoRa</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The Actility microservice now reflects the correct routing profiles for the current tenant's Thingpark account for each LoRa device registration request.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30064
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Various</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Issues with high CPU load, when subscriptions of microservices change frequently, introduced in version 10.5.7.1, have been resolved. Tenant usage statistics are now updated three times per day.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30342
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>