---
weight: 33
title: 10.5.7.3 - 10.5.7.4
--- 
>**Info:** Release 10.5.7.1 has implemented an improvement, which allows to calculate more accurate statistics on resource consumption of microservices. Currently, this can lead to high CPU load when subscriptions of microservices change frequently. 
>	
>We will improve this in one of the following maintenance releases but the releases 10.5.7.3 and 10.5.7.4 are still affected. We will keep you informed.
>	
>As a workaround to limit CPU costs for this calculation we recommend the following configuration change.
>	
>On all core nodes, add the following to */etc/cumulocity/cumulocity-core.properties*: 
>	
>		"concurrency.tenant-usage-flush.core-pool-size" => "1"
>		"concurrency.tenant-usage-flush.rejected" => "DISCARD"
>		"concurrency.tenant-usage-flush.queue-size" => "1000”
>	
>The preferred way of doing this is to apply the changes to the Chef server environment configuration.

### Improvements

[**Administration**] The TOTP feature is now available for all tenants. For more details, see [Administration > Two-factor authentication](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.5.7/users-guide/administration/#tfa) in the *User guide*. [MTM-30016]


[**REST**] Severity parameter can now be added to alarm API calls. [MTM-29646]

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Area</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Jira ticket</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The “supportUrl: false” option now works as intended and hides the support link in the <b>User</b> menu.
</td>
<td>MTM-28984</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The unnecessary horizontal line below the navigator has been removed.
</td>
<td>MTM-30092</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LoRa</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The connectivity plan, selected by a user during device registration, is now properly used for the device creation request to the ThingPark API.
</td>
<td>MTM-29455</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservices</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Memory leak fix for the microservice proxy.
</td>
<td>MTM-27444</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">CEP</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Correct self URLs are now returned from CEP endpoints.
</td>
<td>MTM-25207</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">DOC</td>
<td style="text-align:left">In the <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.5.7/users-guide/enterprise-edition/#data-broker">Data broker</a> documentation, the warning on the usage of the "All objects" option has been further enhanced.
</td>
<td>MTM-30058</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>