---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.10.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.9.1.0 - 10.9.13.0; 10.10.0.0 - 10.10.0.3-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The visualization of the "Silo" and "Linear gauge" widgets as well as of the data points in the Data Point Library has been improved. </td>
<td>
MTM-36264</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > A map widget placed in a group dashboard will now have the same limit of displayed devices as a map widget placed in an overview dashboard.</td>
<td>
MTM-38765</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > The Java SDK has been updated to use the Jersey 2.33 library. As a result, if you update your Java SDK library you will have to change some of the classes used. For further information, see the Migration guide which is available at https://eclipse-ee4j.github.io/jersey.github.io/documentation/latest/migration.html#mig-1.x </td>
<td>
MTM-38027</td>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > As part of the continuous process of ensuring all components of Cumulocity IoT use the latest libraries, the Jakarta HTTP client has been replaced by Apache HttpComponents 4.x.</td>
<td>
MTM-37741</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Developer experience has been improved with hover-over documentation provided whilst coding in the IDE of choice. </td>
<td>
MTM-36289</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Support for Internet Explorer has been removed. </td>
<td>
MTM-37355</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK </td>
<td > Developers who use the WebSDK to build their own UI applications, can now more easily re-use the components from the `@c8y/ngx-components/operations` package as these have been split into finer-grained modules. This enables the components to be used individually and gives more flexibility for re-using components comprising the <b>Bulk operations</b> page in the standard Device management application to build similar pages in custom applications. Developers can now e.g. re-use a component to display single bulk operation details, easily display a list of bulk operation in their application or create a bulk operation creation wizard using only a subset of the standard provided bulk operation types and/or defining custom ones.</td>
<td>
MTM-36243</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > When a new application is created using the Web SDK CLI (c8ycli), the branding options are now set by default. This way the tenant branding configuration will now always be applied to all custom applications created with the Web SDK CLI. </td>
<td>
MTM-37259</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The `preventDuplicates` flag added to the `NavigatorNodeData` interface allows multiple modules to independently declare the same navigator node. Setting the flag to `true` will prevent the node to appear more than once in the navigator if one or more other modules have also declared it. Two nodes are considered a duplicate if they have the same `path`, `label` and `parent`. </td>
<td>
MTM-37981</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The Web SDK has been enhanced to allow the `ProviderConfigurationModule` to support tabs as part of its navigation. The JSON object will optionally contain a tab definition; this tab will then be displayed in the view for that navigation path. </td>
<td>
MTM-37982</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK </td>
<td > The ngx-components documentation has been improved. The complete ApplicationOptions interface specification is now available under http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html. </td>
<td>
MTM-38090</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The <code>DynamicFormsUIThemeModule</code> (@c8y/ngx-components) provides a UI library with form controls to build dynamic forms with the <code>DynamicFormsModule</code> (@c8y/ngx-components) based on Angular Formly. The library has been extended with a file picker/drop area control allowing developers to declare file inputs in their dynamic forms. The type can be declared in both Formly schema (<code>type: 'file'</code>) and JSON schema. In the case of JSON schema every property having <code>contentEncoding</code> and/or <code>contentMediaType</code> properties defined will be mapped to <code>type: 'file'</code>. </td>
<td>
MTM-38460</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK </td>
<td > In order to align the UI with the new Software AG design, the previously used "font awesome" icons have been replaced by a new set of icons. All CSS classes with the prefix <code>fa-** </code> are now updated to use the <code>dlt-c8y-icon-** </code> prefix, keeping the icon name unchanged. The c8y-icon directive has also been updated to reflect this behavior. <code>fa-** </code> utility classes were also changed and now use a more generic prefix: <code>icon-** </code>.
For consistency, developers should use these icons, following the c8y-icon directive. </td>
<td>
MTM-38521</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The performance of the "Asset table" widget has been improved by loading the next page of devices only when the bottom of the list is reached and the user clicks "Load more".</td>
<td>
MTM-35132</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > When using multiple email addresses while creating a new schedule not all email addresses were properly validated. This meant sending the emails at a later stage would fail. This is now resolved.</td>
<td>
MTM-34634</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed an issue with alert messages missing a description for the operation created from the "Asset table" widget.</td>
<td>
MTM-36719</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed an issue where selecting custom time would result in switching back to the previously chosen mode in the data explorer.</td>
<td>
MTM-38172</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Export</td>
<td > Measurements added from data points are now escaped with bracket notation in order to support special characters (e.g. whitespace) in fragment and series names.</td>
<td>
MTM-38089</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Export</td>
<td > In the export details, the checkbox for the time range selection now correctly reflects the saved configuration when opened for editing.</td>
<td>
MTM-37685</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Export</td>
<td > When migrating smart-rule-based schedules to the new reporting agent, the platform will make sure they are activated right away, without any required extra action from the user.</td>
<td>
MTM-37718</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SmartRules</td>
<td > When creating a smart rule for an operation in the &lt;b&gt;Control&lt;/b&gt; tab of a device, hovering over the remove button caused the cursor to flicker. This has been fixed, and the cursor no longer flickers.</td>
<td>
MTM-33753</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The UI language now switches to German if a subset language of German is configured in the browser (e.g. Austrian).</td>
<td>
MTM-38244</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
