---
weight: 100
title: Release 10.10.0
layout: bundle
---
<!--10.9.1.0 - 10.9.13.0-->

The 10.10.0 documentation contains

* all description enhancements and updates resulting from new features and improvements in the product,
* a variety of documentation changes and fixes to permanently improve the documentation quality and make it clearer.

Moreover, you can find the following major enhancements, improvements and fixes in the area of documentation.

### New guides



### Improvements

<table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 55%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Guide</th>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
All</td>
<td>
All</td>
<td > Documentation user experience has been enhanced with the ability to maintain your position in the documentation whilst changing the release version via the dropdown at the top. </td>
<td>
MTM-38347</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
All</td>
<td>
All</td>
<td > It is now possible to copy the URL of all headings with a hover over button. This makes it easy to share a specific documentation location. </td>
<td>
MTM-37265</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device SDK guide</td>
<td>
Various</td>
<td > Information has been added clarifying that the user alias may not be used for MQTT configuration or REST.</td>
<td>
MTM-37807</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Protocol integration guide</td>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > A description has been added on how to configure the client awake time on a device-level basis, see &lt;a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#register-device" class="no-ajaxy"&gt;LWM2M &gt; Registering LWM2M devices</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-35340</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Protocol integration guide</td>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The description of the dynamic client awake time has been added, see &lt;a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#register-device" class="no-ajaxy"&gt;LWM2M &gt; Registering LWM2M devices</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34195</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Protocol integration guide</td>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The documentation for the LWM2M bulk registration has been improved and more comprehensive description of the CSV file has been added, see &lt;a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#register-device" class="no-ajaxy"&gt;LWM2M &gt; Registering LWM2M devices. </td>
<td>
MTM-37413</td>
</tr>s


<tr>
<td>
Protocol integration guide</td>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > Two more error messages have been added to the troubleshooting section, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/sigfox/#troubleshooting" class="no-ajaxy"<Sigfox > Troubleshooting</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-37912</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Release notes</td>
<td>
Various</td>
<td > The release notes for the Cumulocity IoT releases 9.8, 9.12, 9.16 and 9.20 have been archived and are no longer available on our documentation website. If you still need them, please contact support for a PDF version of the release notes. </td>
<td>
MTM-37632</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK guide</td>
<td>
Tutorials</td>
<td > A new tutorial on how to validate the widget configuration has been added, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/web/tutorials/#add-a-custom-widget" class="no-ajaxy"<Tutorials > Add a custom widget to a dashboard</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34800</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table>


### Fixes

<table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 55%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Guide</th>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Protocol integration guide</td>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The OPC UA status check interval defines how frequently the OPC UA gateway checks for the OPC UA server status. The documentation now describes this status check interval correctly, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides//protocol-integration/opcua/#connecting-gateway" class="no-ajaxy">OPC UA > Connecting the gateway to the server</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-37323</td>
</tr>



</tbody></table>
