---
weight: 120
title: Changes 10.6.7.0 - 10.6.9.0
layout: bundle
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > A new C# example for the real-time notifications feature has been added at https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-sdk-cs/src/master/REST-SDK/RealTimeNotificationExample/. </td>
<td>
MTM-32859</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td >  A new Cloud Sensor App icon has been included in the "Connect smartphone" wizard.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > To improve performance, the "withChildren:false" parameter has been added to several calls to inventory. </td>
<td>
MTM-32437</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > The "/application/currentApplication" address has been excluded from request counting. </td>
<td>
MTM-32206</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The following changes have been implemented for alarms on queue overflow:
<br>- An alarm is now also sent when the output queue is full (similar to the alarm for the input queue). 
<br>- For output queues, the alarm text will include the affected connector. 
<br>- The alarm severity has been changed from CRITICAL to MAJOR.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32280</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The configuration repository functionality has been enhanced. It is now possible to specify a configuration type. Moreover, the configuration repository now provides a list view, which shows the new configuration type and also allows the user to filter for configurations. If a device has the "c8y_SupportedConfigurations" fragment with a list of supported configuration types, it can have multiple configurations.<br> For details, see <a href="/users-guide/device-management#configuration repository" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Managing device data > Configuration repository</a> in the User guide.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32117</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Dynamic groups that are in fact just managed objects with the fragment "c8y_IsDynamicGroup" can now get extended to be invisible in the UI. To do so, the "c8y_IsDynamicGroup" object within the JSON needs to look like this:<br> "c8y_IsDynamicGroup": { "invisible": {} }. If the managed object includes the fragment like this it won't be rendered within the navigator and also not in the groups' view.</td>
<td>
MTM-32643</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td >  The documentation on tenant usage statistics has been improved.  </td>
<td>
MTM-32208</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td >  The Enterprise Tenant section has been updated to include the support of full chain certificates. For details, see <a href="/users-guide/enterprise-edition#customization" class="no-ajaxy">Enterprise Tenant > Customizing your platform</a> in the User guide. </td>
<td>
MTM-32145</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > Microservices with PER_TENANT isolation no longer periodically refresh subscriptions as this is not required.</td>
<td>
MTM-32207</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Boolean values are mapped to measurements (false as 0 and true as 1). </td>
<td>
MTM-32379</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > LWM2M now uses the latest Microservice SDK. The agent framework has completely been removed. <br>
Verify if the firmware update object mapping exists before executing Firmware Over The Air (FOTA). If it does not exist, the operation will fail. </td>
<td>
MTM-31461</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  New static MQTT operation response templates have been added:
<br>- Firmware with patch (525)
<br>- Software update (528)
<br>- Configuration download with type (524)
<br>- Configuration upload with type (526)
<br>- Data profile (527) </td>
<td>
MTM-31466</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  MQTT queues are purged when an MQTT device or tenant is deleted.  </td>
<td>
MTM-31469</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Processing mode support has been added for the OPC UA device protocol event, alarm and measurement value mappings. It is possible to define one processing mode for the device protocol and also override the processing mode for any event, alarm, measurement value mapping. If the processing mode is not defined then all the mappings will be saved in regular persistent mode.<br>
At the moment, the feature is only available via Rest API by using device protocol endpoints.<br>
Supported processing modes are PERSISTENT, TRANSIENT, QUIESCENT, CEP for measurement and event and only PERSISTENT for alarm mappings. If the given processing mode is not supported for the mapping then a warning log is given in the opcua-device-gateway logs when the device type is being applied and the default mode (PERSISTENT) is selected for those mappings. </td>
<td>
MTM-30895</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Updated text from "device type" to "device protocol" in auto-apply constraints fields and description. </td>
<td>
MTM-32633</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The OPC UA device protocol plugin implicitly sets the measurement mappings' fragment name with the user-given measurement type which makes opcua-device-gateway to use this value as the measurement fragment name instead of auto-generating the name based on the node ID. The <b>Measurement</b> tab of the device displays the fragment name as the title for the measurement. </td>
<td>
MTM-32635</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Report-agent</td>
<td > The migration of scheduled exports based on smart rules is now automatically executed while displaying a message informing the user about the process. </td>
<td>
MTM-31426</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > The performance for API calls that require checking of inventory permissions has been improved.</td>
<td>
MTM-32045</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > Null value properties have been removed from unprocessed Sigfox data events. </td>
<td>
MTM-31809</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > The error message upon unauthorized access to the Sigfox platform shows more meaningful content now. </td>
<td>
MTM-22451</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td > JWKS token verification now supports all RSA public keys types. </td>
<td>
MTM-31980</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td > JWT headers have been added to audit logs. </td>
<td>
MTM-32707</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 Various </td>
<td > Retention rule execution makes better use of the system resources, this increases performance of the retention rule execution and reduces load on the system. </td>
<td>
MTM-30785</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In general, every c8y-list-item can trigger a "pulse" css-animation now. This is useful when the customer needs to be notified (visually) that some changes were applied to a specific list item in a bigger list. For now, this pulse is used in the bulk operation list if the customer re-schedules a scheduled bulk operation. </td>
<td>
MTM-32543</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > In case of filtering in a dropdown search box, the label "All" will change to "All filtered". The selection of all filtered items will auto-select "All filtered" and vice-versa. If at least one but not all displayed items are selected, then "All" / "All filtered" will show indeterminate (-). </td>
<td>
MTM-32708</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Actility</td>
<td > Improved HAProxy configuration to allow more concurrent connections.</td>
<td>
MTM-31229</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > A timeout issue with the console when listening for real-time changes has been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-32850</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
C# SDK</td>
<td > <em>System.InvalidOperationException: Collection was modified on subscription of a managed object </em> - This exception will no longer be thrown after a subscription to a managed object event change.</td>
<td>
MTM-32849</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
CellID</td>
<td > If the Google geolocation service does not know the WLAN that a smartbox device sends to the Cumulocity IoT platform, it will no longer use the center of Germany as fall back but throw a 404 exception instead.</td>
<td>
MTM-32403</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The Leaflet map in the Map widget is now displayed correctly after each refresh.</td>
<td>
MTM-31895</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > An issue caused by the openresty package upgrade has been resolved.</td>
<td>
MTM-31279</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td >  There is no longer an error when unsubscribing a device from a group.</td>
<td>
MTM-32211</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Simulator</td>
<td > The <b>Simulator</b> menu item is now only shown in the navigator if the "Device-simulator" application is subscribed.</td>
<td>
MTM-31872</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > The <a href="/protocol-integration/opcua" class="no-ajaxy">OPC UA documentation</a> in the <em>Protocol integration guide</em> has been updated to state that the name of the user that runs the gateway is set as gateway identifier and as name by default if not provided.</td>
<td>
MTM-31428</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > The branding option for changing hover-color now works correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-31628</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M object details page now displays the correct content when navigating between instances of the same object.</td>
<td>
MTM-32220</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > An error when reading LWM2M connectivity monitoring /4 has been resolved.</td>
<td>
MTM-32831</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > LWM2M bootstrap parameters can now be seen on the device details page.</td>
<td>
MTM-32654</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  The creation of subscriptions to MQTT topics has been changed to prevent subscriptions of unverified devices. A device is called unverified if the device definition (managed object) doesn’t include the "com_cumulocity_model_Agent" fragment. When trying to do so the client now gets an exception on one of the following topics: "s/e" for errors, "s/dl" for SmartREST 1.0 over MQTT and "s/dcr" for credentials for device registration. 
<br>
Note that this change might lead to a situation where existing device registration processes no longer work if they so far did not comply with the device integration process. The basic life cycle for integrating devices into Cumulocity IoT using the MQTT implementation is described in <a href="/device-sdk/mqtt/#device-integration" class="no-ajaxy">Device integration using MQTT > Device integration</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>.
<br>In case of any issues, ensure that the order of commands complies with the order described in this description.
</td>
<td>
MTM-31300</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > Realtime notifications on deletion of managed objects are no longer sent twice.</td>
<td>
MTM-32567</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > When a user is logged in via SSO, the access to the /cep/notification endpoint is no longer prevented.</td>
<td>
MTM-31094</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td > Firmware binary files can now be downloaded without issues when a user is logged in via SSO.</td>
<td>
MTM-32121</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Missing "@angular/upgrade" dependency is now added to the peer dependencies of c8y/ngx-components.</td>
<td>
MTM-32209</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

