---
weight: 90
title: Changes 10.6.12.0
layout: bundle
---

>**Important:** Since Incremental Releases are preview versions, release notes for Incremental Releases might refer to features which are not publicly available yet and which might also not be publicly available with the next GA Release.

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > On the <b>Inventory roles</b> tab in the user details, the groups tree is now loaded progressively. Only the root groups are loaded. The user can click each group to expand the subgroups, or click <b>Expand all groups</b> to expand every subgroup in sequence.
This change was motivated for performance reasons, improving the speed considerably in tenants with large number of groups and devices. </td>
<td>
MTM-32456</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > The microservice resource usage returned by the tenant usage statistics API has been documented, see <a href="/reference/tenants#tenant-usage-statistics" class="no-ajaxy">Tenants > Tenants usage statistics</a> in the Reference guide. </td>
<td>
MTM-33623</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > Information has been added on microservice custom metrics when sending the monthly statistics email report. </td>
<td>
MTM-32866</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit & Device Management</td>
<td > On the root groups views, the query to inventory uses the flags onlyRoots=true and withChildren=false.
This results in improved performance. </td>
<td>
MTM-32450</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The legacy configuration view has been migrated into the new configuration feature. </td>
<td>
MTM-33296</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Kubernetes</td>
<td > The security of the microservice hosting feature has been improved. Microservices have to communicate with the core platform services but can longer invoke other microservices on the cluster directly. </td>
<td>
MTM-32039</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > Several libraries have been updated to fix known security vulnerables. </td>
<td>
MTM-33610</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > A new MQTT static template has been added: "Set currently installed configuration" (120), see <a href="/device-sdk/mqtt/#mqtt-static-templates" class="no-ajaxy">Device integration using MQTT > MQTT static templates</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-33618</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Netcomm Agent</td>
<td > NetComm Agent Version 1.1.0 has been released, including the following updates:<br>
- The device type has been renamed to NTC-220 Agent (previously POSIX Agent).<br>
- Predefined commands are now available on the <b>Shell</b> tab (requires version 10.6.6 or later).<br>
The following fixes have been made:
<br>- Allow Ethernet WAN and USB WAN connection as well as cellular WAN.
<br>- Fixed the issue that the agent updates its position with different intervals from the configured ones.
<br>- Fixed a Modbus plugin issue that the agent continues to send measurements after slaves are unavailable. </td>
<td>
MTM-33746</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The default configuration file packaged in the JAR is now fully commented. </td>
<td>
MTM-33266</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > Deletion of audit logs is no longer permitted. All DELETE requests to the audit API should return the error “405 Method not allowed”. See also <a href="/release-notes/10-7-0/#10-7-0-migration/" class="no-ajaxy">Release notes > Release 10.7.0 > Migration notes</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-27301</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > Apache CXF library has been upgraded to version 3.3.7. </td>
<td>
MTM-32511</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The calendar is no longer cut when the browser's window height is small.</td>
<td>
MTM-31424</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Removed placeholder 'seconds' as the values are referring to the actual measurement values and not to a timespan. Disabled HTML default validation (not required) due to which data entered by the user was saved even though error messages were shown.  </td>
<td>
MTM-33108</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The measurement and alarm timestamp is now taken from the first non-empty value of the following timestamps in the respective order: source timestamp, server timestamp and current timestamp.</td>
<td>
MTM-33648</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > Fixed an issue which made passwords with slashes not work during WebSocket connection.</td>
<td>
MTM-33764</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > CORS settings: Calls on the same domain are not blocked. The backend allows all requests which come from the baseUrl domain, no matter if HTTP or HTTPS is used.</td>
<td>
MTM-31025</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor Authentication</td>
<td > Users with the login mode "OAuth internal"&nbsp;can now log in with a user alias.</td>
<td>
MTM-33743</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table></div>
