---
weight: 70
title: Changes 10.7.0.36
layout: bundle
---

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > Details on the Java-based client library have been added to the &lt;i&gt;Microservice SDK guide&lt;/i&gt;, see &lt;a href="/microservice-sdk/java/#client-library" class="no-ajaxy"&gt;Microservice SDK for Java &gt; Client library&lt;/a&gt;. </td>
<td>
MTM-37105</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > The description of the behavior of the red and yellow ranges in the smart rule "On measurement threshold create alarm" has been extended, see <a href="/users-guide/cockpit/#smart-rules" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Smart rules collection</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-35724</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > To provide more clarity, the description of the support user access functionality has been improved in various sections of the <i>User guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-37399</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The description of the dynamic client awake time has been added to the LWM2M documentation, see &lt;a href="/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#register-device" class="no-ajaxy"&gt;LWM2M &gt; Registering LWM2M devices&lt;/a&gt;in the &lt;i&gt;Protocol integration guide&lt;/i&gt;. </td>
<td>
MTM-34195</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > The QR code for the TOTP configuration is now generated by JS framework instead of Google API. </td>
<td>
MTM-37833</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the <b>User</b> page, changing the password for the current user is now working.</td>
<td>
MTM-37314</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The tenant password policy widget is now aligned with the page flow.</td>
<td>
MTM-37387</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Implemented translation-related changes:
<br>- Better matching for multiline translation strings
<br>- Fixed issue where strings were not translated upon page load/refresh or user translation changes
<br>- Fixed minor bugs caused by missing translation pipes</td>
<td>
MTM-37044</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The performance of the&nbsp; "Asset table" widget has been improved by loading the next page of devices only when the bottom of the list is reached and the user clicks "Load more".</td>
<td>
MTM-35132</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > In the Cockpit application, when a report is renamed, the page title is correctly updated with the new name.</td>
<td>
MTM-37189</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > Notification headers in log files no longer contain basic user credentials. Authorization credentials&nbsp;are now masked with "???".</td>
<td>
MTM-37326</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td > Fixed handling big values for measurements provided via scientific notification. Values are now stored as floating point type.</td>
<td>
MTM-37811</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > To improve performance, the sorting of groups and devices has been changed. The sorting will now be case-sensitive, like for example "AAA BBB CCC aaa bbb..." instead of "aaa AAA bbb CCC ccc...".</td>
<td>
MTM-36844</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring</td>
<td > Alarms which are related to devices' availability monitoring, are no longer created when the device is not monitored.</td>
<td>
MTM-37863</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > The description of the handling of custom domain names in the Enterprise tenant documentation has been improved for more clarity, see &lt;a href="/users-guide/enterprise-edition/#customization" class="no-ajaxy"&gt;Enterprise Tenant &gt; Customizing your platform&lt;/a&gt;in the &lt;i&gt;User guide&lt;/i&gt;.</td>
<td>
MTM-33926</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Export</td>
<td > For export configurations, the checkbox for the time range selection now correctly reflects the saved configuration when opened for editing.</td>
<td>
MTM-37685</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is now included in the response returned from the microservice proxy when the 'Origin' header is included.</td>
<td>
MTM-35817</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Report agent</td>
<td > The add/edit/duplicate/delete options are now hidden when the user does not have the permission to change export schedules, or the report microservice is not subscribed.</td>
<td>
MTM-37312</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Report-agent</td>
<td > When migrating smart-rule-based schedules to the new reporting agent, the platform will make sure they are activated right away, without any required extra action from user side.</td>
<td>
MTM-37718</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > An issue has been fixed where the login was in English instead of the browser language setting. Language codes are now resolved correctly for the Japanese language.</td>
<td>
MTM-37059</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > The Web SDK CLI tool (c8ycli) is now working with NodeJS 15 and npm 7.</td>
<td>
MTM-37412</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>
