---
weight: 70
title: Changes 10.7.0.27 - 10.7.0.29
layout: bundle
---


### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
CEP </td>
<td > Customers who are still using CEL (Esper) as a CEP engine will receive an alarm once a day which informs them about the deprecation of the service. </td>
<td>
MTM-36221</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > To extend the save functionality on the config component, custom widgets can now fire a life-cycle-hook (onBeforeSave) before a configuration is saved. </td>
<td>
MTM-35430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The behaviour of the "Scroll lock" toggle in the "Data point table" widget has been clarified by changing its label to <b>Auto-scroll</b> and adding a tooltip, see <a href="/users-guide/cockpit/#widgets" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Widgets collection</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34173</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The target URL connectivity test during connector creation has been improved. </td>
<td>
MTM-36786</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Added support for old content format codes: TLV (1542) and JSON (1543). </td>
<td>
MTM-36250</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the <b>Inventory</b> tab, a user without relevant permission will no longer see the inventory tree. The error message displayed if a user does not have the relevant permission now shows the correct information. 
In the <b>Application access</b> tab, a user without relevant permission will no longer be able to edit.</td>
<td>
MTM-33393</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > In the search result page when users click the <b>Add group</b> link they will now be able to enter a group name and create a group from the listed devices.</td>
<td>
MTM-35089</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
