---
weight: 80
title: Changes 10.7.0.0 - 10.7.0.2
layout: bundle
---


### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cloud Remote Access</td>
<td > When trying to connect to a WebSocket and the WebSocket connection is closed, more meaningful code is provided now, including the reason why the connection was closed. </td>
<td>
MTM-32632</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cloud Remote Access</td>
<td > Cloud Remote Access now works with SSO.</td>
<td>
MTM-31978</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > 
The firmware and software update functionality has been enhanced. You can now manage versions for software items, and versions and patches for firmware items. Moreover, you can install multiple software items on a device, and update or remove them separately from the <b>Software</b> tab of a device. For details, see <a href="/users-guide/device-management#managing-device-data" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Managing device data</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-30314</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The bulk operations functionality has been significantly enhanced. Details on bulk operations and their status can now be viewed in the <b>Bulk operations</b> tab on the <b>Device control</b> page. A new wizard has been implemented to add bulk operations of various types. For details, see <a href="/users-guide/device-management#working-with-operations" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Monitoring and controlling devices > Working with operations</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-30318</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > It is now possible to set up device profiles that contain a set of  firmware, software packages and configuration files. If a profile is applied to a device the respective items will be installed on the device. For details, see <a href="/users-guide/device-management#managing-device-data" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Managing device data</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-33621</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Cumulocity IoT allows devices to connect via MQTT protocol using a X.509 certificate for authentication. To do so, a certificate must be trusted by Cumulocity IoT. For details on how to manage trusted certificates in the UI refer to <a href="/users-guide/device-management#trusted-certificates" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Managing device data > Managing trusted certificates</a> in the <em>User guide</em>.
</td>
<td>
MTM-33621</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Improved loading time for the service monitoring view, when managing a large number of devices. </td>
<td>
MTM-32460</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > A new parameter, "C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout", has been introduced to allow the request timeout to be set at the individual device. The default value is 10 minutes. The "lwm2mRequestTimeout" specified at the device managed object and the global "C8Y.lwm2mRequestTimeout" should always be  less than the "C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout" value. The order in which these timeouts are used is: first "lwm2mRequestTimeout" and if that is not defined then the global "lwm2mRequestTimeout" value is used. </td>
<td>
MTM-34081</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The firmware update delivery method (push/pull), the reset mechanism (write \0 to package URI vs. null to package or both), the image delivery protocol (coap/coaps/http/https) and the firmware update URL can now be configured as part of the optional fragment. </td>
<td>
MTM-33386</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > A new parameter&nbsp; "mqtt.clientCertificate.maxChainLength" has been added to the core properties which allows to set the max length of chain of trust provided by the MQTT device. The default value is set to 2. </td>
<td>
MTM-33683</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SmartREST</td>
<td > A new MQTT static template has been added: "Set device profile that is being applied" (121), see <a href="/device-sdk/mqtt/#mqtt-static-templates" class="no-ajaxy">Device integration using MQTT > MQTT static templates</a> in the <em>Device SDK guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34503</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > <a href="/bics.com" class="no-ajaxy">bics.com</a>has been added as a new SMS provider to the SMS-gateway. </td>
<td>
MTM-33890</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor Authentication</td>
<td > If TFA is enforced on the system level for all users or for a single role, this information is now displayed under Administration &gt; Authentication &gt; TFA Settings. </td>
<td>
MTM-33351</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > The administrator can now enforce TOTP for other users. </td>
<td>
MTM-33430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > In the device registration wizard, the label has been changed from "LoRa" to "Actility LoRa". The label "LoRa provider settings" has been changed to "Actility LoRa provider settings". </td>
<td>
MTM-33061</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > Performance has been improved by making breadcrumbs on devices and groups configurable. Per default, breadcrumbs on devices and groups are now turned off. They can be turned on by setting the <code>breadcrumbs</code> application option, see http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html#breadcrumbs. All other breadcrumbs are still displayed. </td>
<td>
MTM-29924</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 Various </td>
<td > The Core and Load Balancer nodes can have SELinux enabled; this improves the security of the Cumulocity IoT Cluster. </td>
<td>
MTM-30305</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


<h3>
Fixes</h3>
<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The support user until now was not able to change another account's password because the <b>Confirm password</b> dialog would not accept the support user's current password. This issue has been fixed, and now the support user is able to change the password for another account successfully.</td>
<td>
MTM-32577</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The branding binary can only be deleted by removing the whole application. On the <b>Branding</b> page, the delete button is now disabled for the active binary.</td>
<td>
MTM-32574</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The tenant option sms77.api.key  is now prefixed with "credentials." implicitly in order to fetch the correct option value.</td>
<td>
MTM-34362</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>Cockpit</b></td>
<td > An issue has been fixed with duplicate dashboards entries which led to incorrect </td>
<td>
MTM-33761</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > After selecting 2 (two) series of the same measurement type, issues were detected with exporting the measurements from the data explorer, which are now fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-31421</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The "Map" widget now does not display more devices than configured as default pageSize for the map ( e.g. 40). 
The "Map" widget is now able to traverse inventory until the point when it displays the full page. If it is not able to fill the page fully, a message is displayed that it has retrieved all the devices which could be found. </td>
<td>
MTM-29878</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Resolved an issue where SCADA widgets were not rendered correctly, which was caused by old data stored on dashboards.</td>
<td>
MTM-34303</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Device permissions are now correctly resolved after changing the device owner.</td>
<td>
MTM-30410</td>
</tr> 

<tr>
<td>
Impact</td>
<td > The Impact resource subscription mechanism has been adjusted to only subscribe for device resources if they are valid and match a configured auto-observe device protocol resource mapping.</td>
<td>
MTM-33845</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td > A new configuration option "nonFilteredFileExtensions" has been added to the microservice-package-maven plugin. It has the same functionality as in the maven-resources plugin.</td>
<td>
MTM-33956</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > By default, microservices can no longer directly call other microservices in the same Cumulocity IOT deployment. Instead, any service invocation has to be directed to the Cumulocity IoT platform APIs as described in the <em>Microservice SDK guide</em>. The sections <em>Proxy variables</em> and <em>Request routing</em> are particularly relevant in this context.</td>
<td>
MTM-23626</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td > Requests made with JSON via MQTT are counted to the tenant statistics. For details see, <a href="/reference/tenants/#tenant-usage-statistics" class="no-ajaxy">Tenants > Tenant usage statistics</a> in the <em>Reference guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-34123</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The light scan process for the opcua-device-gateway's address space now skips traversing non-browsable nodes. Null checks have been improved for the internal server mappings update process.</td>
<td>
MTM-33995</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The OPC UA gateway now disconnects from an OPC UA server if there are too many outstanding measurements, events or alarms that have not been pushed to the platform yet. This should prevent "out of memory" issues. However, if an out of memory situation happens, the gateway now cleanly disconnects from the server and exits with an exit status of "1".</td>
<td>
MTM-32856</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Operations</td>
<td >The outdated URL <em>https://www.cumulocity.com/guides/reference-guide/#error_reporting</em> has been changed to <em>https://cumulocity.com/guides/reference/rest-implementation#error_reporting</em> in error messages and is accessible.</td>
<td>
MTM-33710</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > Real-time notifications for managed object updates will send refreshed data if a device becomes unavailable.</td>
<td>
MTM-33401</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Rest API</td>
<td > The alarm count in managed objects now is correctly updated after deleting a bulk of alarms.</td>
<td>
MTM-32757</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Additional validation has been added to check the occurrence of control characters in messages sent by MQTT. 
Allowed characters are "\n \t \r".</td>
<td>
MTM-34174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor Authentication</td>
<td > The activity time for the support user is updated if SMS TFA is used.</td>
<td>
MTM-33015</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the issue related to the lastDeviceMessage in the SCADA widget which did not display the occurrence of the last communication. Monitoring is now done on the following APIs: /measurements, /events, /operations, /alarms for last communication occurrence.</td>
<td>
MTM-33322</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

