---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.12.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.11.1.0 - 10.11.45.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A slider component <code>RangeComponent</code> has been added to the Web SDK. The new component allows developers to show range sliders with a Cumulocity IoT layout. Documentation is available under <a href="http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/modules/FormsModule.html" class="no-ajaxy">http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/modules/FormsModule.html</a>. The usage example is available in the tutorial application.</td>
<td>
MTM-41224</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The WebSDK now supports, and uses by default, the new Ivy rendering engine from Angular. You can opt-in Ivy on existing applications by:
<br> - Setting "enableIvy" to true in your <i>tsconfig.json</i>.
<br> - Adding the Angular Compatibility Compiler (ngcc) to your scripts in <i>package.json</i>: "postinstall": "ngcc" </td>
<td>
MTM-39325</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The child devices grid has been improved to work like the sub-assets grid. It is now possible to filter devices, and pagination has been added. The auto-refresh via real-time notifications for the child devices page has been removed as it wouldn't scale well when filters are applied. </td>
<td>
MTM-41003</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The documentation for the <code>c8y-data-grid</code> component has been improved and usage examples have been added to the tutorial application. </td>
<td>
MTM-37358</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Developers using the Web SDK now have the possibility to create named dashboards (dashboards stored with a given name in the database) with a context (device or group). </td>
<td>
MTM-42104</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Cumulocity IoT Web SDK has been upgraded to Angular 12. </td>
<td>
MTM-40665</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Setting "0" as decimal places value in the "Silo" and "Linear gauge" widget now works correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-42024</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > When changing the localization to certain languages, for instance Arabic, date strings generated by an application will no longer break API calls.</td>
<td>
MTM-40087</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Fixed an issue, where translations containing hyperlinks would cause hyperlinks to not be clickable.</td>
<td>
MTM-41185</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> For easier navigation on mobile devices, you must now use two fingers to zoom in and out on the "Maps" widget. Placing one finger on the map allows you to scroll instead. To achieve this, it was necessary to update the "leaflet" library to the latest version. If you have implemented your own custom map on top of our Web SDK, please check that your implementation still works properly.</td>
<td>
MTM-40339</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> An issue has been fixed in the typing interface of @c8y/client that led to compile type errors while using older versions of the Web SDK.</td>
<td>
MTM-42047</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
