---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.12.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.11.1.0 - 10.11.45.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Actility</td>
<td> The <b>Connectivity settings</b> page has been enhanced to allow the user to configure the Actility ThingPark URL at the tenant level. This is an optional field. If the URL is not specified, then the default value from the agent properties is considered.</td>
<td>
MTM-41853</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Bulk Operations</td>
<td> With the introduction of the new bulk operations functionality (see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/users-guide/device-management/#to-view-bulk-operations" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Monitoring and controlling devices</a> in the <i>User guide</i>) the <b>Bulk operations</b> tab in the groups view became obsolete and has been removed. </td>
<td>
MTM-41264</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> Updated the layout for the <b>Device network</b>, <b>Measurements</b> and <b>Modbus</b> tabs for an improved user experience and consistent look & feel. </td>
<td>
MTM-38920</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring</td>
<td> A new log file related to devices availability monitoring has been created. The log file is by default disabled. The purpose of the log file is to trace communication between the device and the Cumulocity IoT platform. The log file contains information needed to determine if the logged request exchanged between a device and the Cumulocity IoT platform should influence the device availability state or not.
<br>The log file contains the following information: date, tenant ID, device ID, processing mode, user name, information if the request originates from a device or application.
To active logging entries, the tenant option with category devices-availability and key debug-enabled-for should be set in the scope of the Management tenant. The value of the options is a comma-separated list that contains tenant ID and device ID. The device ID is optional. When the device ID is not present then requests related to each device of the certain tenant are stored in a log file. An example value is management/,tenant1/00001,tenant1/00002.
<br>Take into consideration that logging a large number of requests may cause a serious performance drop so that the log should be enabled only when it is required for the smallest possible group of devices.
<br>Setting tenant option with category devices-availability and key debug-enabled-for is necessary but not a sufficient condition for the Cumulocity IoT platform to append information about requests to the log file. The log file must also be enabled on platform operation level. </td>
<td>
MTM-36556</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td> The supported LWM2M version has been added to the documentation, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/lwm2m" class="no-ajaxy">LWM2M</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-40609</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td> A description of the "execute" operation with optional parameters has been added to the documentation, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#device-details" class="no-ajaxy">LWM2M > LWM2M device details</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-40590</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPCUA</td>
<td> Due to security improvements, opcua-device-gateway downgrades from 10.12.0 to previous versions will not be directly supported. Downgrading to a previous version is still possible by following the downgrade instructions as described in the OPC UA protocol integration documentation for release 10.12.0, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/opcua/#gateway-register" class="no-ajaxy">OPCUA > Gateway configuration and registration</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-41560</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Bulk operations</td>
<td> The bulk operation progress bar on the bulk operations overview tab used to round the percentage value to the nearest whole number. For bulk operations with at least hundred devices this led to the progress bar showing a completed bulk operation (100%) even though the single operations had not yet been completed on all devices (<0.5%). The percentage value in the progress bar is now rounded down to the nearest whole number ensuring that a bulk operation will only be shown as completed if all single operations have been completed.</td>
<td>
MTM-41363</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
Connectivity</td>
<td> The check if a mobile device is managed by the currently configured SIM provider is now only done on opening the <b>Connectivity</b> tab of a device. This puts eventual errors in a logical context and reduces the number of checks.</td>
<td>
MTM-40958</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> An issue has been fixed with translations which caused some words in specific languages to be incorrectly presented with upper/lowercase.</td>
<td>
MTM-40802</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> Fixed an issue in device registration, that caused devices to receive incorrect device credentials via MQTT if its serial ID which was entered on creating a new device request contained language-specific characters. This worked via HTTP/REST, but not via MQTT. UTF-encoding has been added to MQTT messages containing these credentials. Device users should now be able to receive correct credentials after registering devices with such special characters.</td>
<td>
MTM-39667</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td> The attribute <code>C8Y.lwm2m.enableBootstrapPSKFragmentFallback</code> has been added to the agent's default configuration. If enabled, the LWM2M agent will find the bootstrap PSK ID from the fragments ("bootstrap psk_id") if it cannot be found from the external IDs. See <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#registration-of-psk-secured-devices" class="no-ajaxy"<LWM2M > Registration of PSK-secured devices</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i> for more information on the fields required for a bootstrap PSK connection.</td>
<td>
MTM-40632</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td> When a LWM2M device registration update comes with a different port or address than the previous registration, for example the LWM2M registration update comes with a new COAP port due to the load balancer's idle timeout being exceeded, all ongoing operations that are not finished meanwhile will be set back to PENDING state, instead of directly canceling them.</td>
<td>
MTM-41981</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td> The resourceValue fragment added to events and alarms now works with opaque resources. Measurements cannot be created with opaque resource values. If enabled, it will create a warning alarm if non-numeric/non-boolean values are received.
Additionally, the type for no-mapping-known alarms has been improved by including the object ID. See also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides{{< 10-10-0 >}}/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#device-protocols" class="no-ajaxy"<LWM2M > LWM2M device protocols</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-41682</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td> The failure response of a LWM2M operation has been improved when failing on the device side. The message now states that it failed on the device side along with the error code and response returned from the client.</td>
<td>
MTM-41999</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The processing mode set in the OPC UA device protocol is now also applied to the mappings created due to historic read operations with tag type TAG.</td>
<td>
MTM-40524</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
OP CUA</td>
<td> To achieve higher security, the private key used in the gateway for application identity is now AESCGM-encrypted. As a result, running previous versions of the opcua-device-gateway is no longer supported.</td>
<td>
MTM-40343</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The creation of alarms is no longer prevented in case a HTTP post action is resulting in an error.</td>
<td>
MTM-40496</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The management microservice now better handles malformed device type JSON and returns a proper HTTP error response (400 bad request).</td>
<td>
MTM-41988</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
