---
weight: 55
title: Release 10.6.6.25
layout: redirect
---

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The <b>Expression</b> block now supports <code>Value</code> and <code>any</code> type inputs.
These are unpacked to concrete types before evaluating the expression.
Note that this means that the <b>Expression</b> block's type checking is lenient now when it comes to these types of inputs.
So even when your model passes validation, it might fail at runtime if you are trying to do unsupported operations.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2467</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">It is now possible to connect a block with an <code>any</code> output type to a block with a <code>float</code> input type.
Previously, this was incorrectly flagged as an error. As with other such conversions, the type of the value is only checked at runtime.
If a block actually outputs a string, this may fail if the string does not contain a number.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2468</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The Apama-ctrl microservice now includes the roles ROLE_BULK_OPERATION_ADMIN, ROLE_BULK_OPERATION_READ, 
ROLE_AUDIT_ADMIN, ROLE_AUDIT_READ, ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ, ROLE_USER_MANAGEMENT_OWN_READ for its service user, 
which means that EPL apps can make bulk operation requests, audit entries and can read tenant information and its own user information.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2495</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The <code>cep/events</code> endpoint that receives notifications from Cumulocity IoT core now uses multiple threads
to process incoming notifications, which improves performance especially when using many Cumulocity IoT core nodes.
The tenant option <code>streaminganalytics/proxy.maxParallelHttp</code> can be set to control how many threads will be used
(the Apama-ctrl microservice will restart if this tenant option is changed).</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2321</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>






