---
weight: 10
title: Release 10.9.0
layout: redirect
---

### Apama correlator version

This release of Cumulocity IoT Streaming Analytics includes the Apama version 10.7.1 correlator.

### New Streaming Analytics application

A new application called Streaming Analytics is now available in the Cumulocity IoT application switcher. 
The Apama Analytics Builder and Apama EPL Apps applications from previous versions are now part of this new Streaming Analytics application.
See the description of the new applications's [home screen](/apama/overview-analytics/#home) for more information.

The Streaming Analytics application provides mechanisms to control visibility of the Analytics Builder and EPL Apps pages. 
If the old Apama Analytics Builder or Apama EPL Apps applications had been assigned to specific groups or users, a tenant will need to 
configure role-based access and assign roles to control the visibility of the corresponding pages within the Streaming Analytics application. 
See [Controlling access to the Streaming Analytics application](/apama/advanced/#control-access) for more information.
This migration is a one-time step that needs to be performed manually.

You can also customize the URLs for the documentation links across the Streaming Analytics application and the text that is shown on the home screen. 
See [Customizing the home screen of the Streaming Analytics application](/apama/advanced/#customize-home-screen) for more information.

The Streaming Analytics application supports the standard user interface languages of Cumulocity IoT. 
See also [Available languages](/users-guide/getting-started/#languages) in the *User guide*.

### Improvements in EPL samples

New EPL samples which loosely mimic the behavior of the following frequently-used smart rules are now available from the EPL editor:

- On alarm escalate it
- On missing measurements create alarm
- On geofence create alarm
- On measurement threshold create alarm

See [Cockpit > Smart rules collection](/users-guide/cockpit/#smart-rules-collection) in the *User guide* for more information on these smart rules.