---
weight: 38
title: Release 10.9.0.5
layout: redirect
---

This release upgrades the Apama-ctrl microservice to use Apama 10.7.2.0 (which is the same as Apama 10.7.0 Fix 25).

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>

<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">A spurious warning when the <b>Send SMS</b> and <b>Send Email</b> blocks were used has been removed.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2482</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">It is now possible to connect a block with an <code>any</code> output type to a block with a <code>float</code> input type.
Previously, this was incorrectly flagged as an error. As with other such conversions, the type of the value is only checked at runtime.
If a block actually outputs a string, this may fail if the string does not contain a number.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2361</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The <b>Expression</b> block now supports <code>Value</code> and <code>any</code> type inputs.
These are unpacked to concrete types before evaluating the expression.
Note that this means that the <b>Expression</b> block's type checking is lenient now when it comes to these types of inputs.
So even when your model passes validation, it might fail at runtime if you are trying to do unsupported operations.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2466</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">EPL Apps</td>
<td style="text-align:left">
The <code>GenericResponse.body</code> member is now deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
It is recommended that you now use the <code>GenericResponse.getBody</code> action instead of the <code>GenericResponse.body</code> member field. 
See the <code>com.apama.cumulocity</code> package in the
<a href="https://documentation.softwareag.com/onlinehelp/Rohan/Apama/v10-7/apama10-7/ApamaDoc/index.html">API Reference for EPL (ApamaDoc)</a>
for more information on the <code>GenericResponse</code> event.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The <code>cep/events</code> endpoint that receives notifications from Cumulocity IoT core now uses multiple threads
to process incoming notifications, which improves performance especially when using many Cumulocity IoT core nodes.
The tenant option <code>streaminganalytics/proxy.maxParallelHttp</code> can be set to control how many threads will be used
(the Apama-ctrl microservice will restart if this tenant option is changed).</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2319</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>
