---
weight: 80
title: Changes 10.6.4.0 - 10.6.5.0
layout: bundle
---

### Improvements

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> The welcome widget has been modified. The new welcome widget comes in two versions, which show different messages and quick links, based on the tenant type of the user (regular or trial tenant).</td>
<td>
MTM-30226</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td> Java mongo driver has been upgraded to version 3.12 to support mongodb version 4.2.</td>
<td>
MTM-31006</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td>  Jackson upgraded to latest version 2.9.9.</td>
<td>
MTM-29584</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td>  The process of reading and writing measurement data from MongoDB has been significantly optimized, reducing the amount of CPU time required for those operations.</td>
<td>
MTM-29319</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Data broker</td>
<td>Improved data broker exception handling: when a connector is suspended data broker will immediately stop forwarding.</td>
<td>
MTM-30913</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td>Added a type-ahead input component to the Web SDK. With this component, data can be selected with suggestions from data already stored in the platform.</td>
<td>
MTM-31425</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td>   If the device type is "NTC-220 Agent", predefined commands for the NTC-220 series are provided in the device shell.</td>
<td>
MTM-30723</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td >   Improved developer documentation on bulk device registration, see <a href="reference/device-credentials/#bulk-device-credentials" class="no-ajaxy">Device dredentials > Bulk device credentials</a> in the Reference guide. </td>
<td>
MTM-31230</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td> Usage statistics daily export extended to include more information about the tenant.</td>
<td>
MTM-30610</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td>Certificates issued by unknown intermediate CAs are now supported for custom domains and can be uploaded with the full certificate chain.</td>
<td>
MTM-27401</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >   Additional MQTT static templates "Set supported logs" (118) and "Set supported configurations" (119).  </td>
<td>
MTM-30761</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  An error message is now shown when creating a smart rest template without messageId. </td>
<td>
MTM-31178</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Microservice</td>
<td > A warning message will be shown when a user tries to download logs for a microservice and the log file is empty. </td>
<td>
MTM-30666</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The opcua-device-gateway docker tar file no longer contains multiple docker images.</td>
<td>
MTM-31452</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td>Added validation for Sigfox data types for callbacks requests.</td>
<td>
MTM-20165</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td> Sigfox device registration form: Hex string validation added to ID and PAC input fields. </td>
<td>
MTM-30217</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > On device registration, only active contracts with free slots will now be shown.  </td>
<td>
MTM-30220</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox</td>
<td > If a device type is generated and its name exceeds 100 characters it will be truncated to fit the 100 characters name length limit on the Sigfox platform. </td>
<td>
MTM-29827</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SmartRules</td>
<td >  Added a note to "on measurement threshold create alarm" smart rule about possible restrictions. </td>
<td>
MTM-30167</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SNMP</td>
<td >  The SNMP agent and the Mibparser microservice code has been made open source. Now the code can be found in the Cumulocity IoT examples repository at <a href="https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/snmp/" class="no-ajaxy">https://bitbucket.org/m2m/cumulocity-examples/src/develop/snmp/</a>. </td>
<td>
MTM-30731</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>


### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
   <col style="width: 15%;">
   <col style="width: 70%;">
   <col style="width: 15 %;">
</colgroup><thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> Adding or updating an inventory role now takes the user back to the <b>Inventory roles</b> tab while adding or updating a global role takes the user back to the <b>Global roles</b> tab.</td>
<td>
MTM-31422</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td >  Alert details information is now displayed correctly even if an alert with the same text and type already exists.</td>
<td>
MTM-30859</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core product</td>
<td >  All configurable email templates now support the {tenant-domain} placeholder.</td>
<td>
MTM-30291</td>
</tr>

<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td >  Device groups are no longer transferred outside of the source hierarchy when filtering by sourceId.</td>
<td>
MTM-31808</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Data broker</td>
<td>Data broker now also forwards child devices correctly when a connector filter is defined on a single device.</td>
<td>
MTM-30911</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> The position of a device, submitted in the <b>Location</b> tab, is now saved as floating point number instead of string.</td>
<td>
MTM-30313</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> The password tooltip for the device credentials has been changed  to “Password must have at least 8 characters and no more than 32 and can only contain letters, numbers and the following symbols: `~!@#$%^&amp;*()?;:\'",.&lt;&gt;{}[]\\/”. </td>
<td>
MTM-29790</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td>An error is published to the error channel whenever an illegal operation is used by a device using MQTT.</td>
<td>
MTM-30555</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td >  Alarm severity is no longer mandatory when updating an alarm using MQTT.</td>
<td>
MTM-31451</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Layout issues with menu items in the navigator have been fixed.</td>
<td>
MTM-31168</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td>Max number of chars validation of the <b>Name</b> field for global and inventory roles in the UI is now aligned with the BE validation.</td>
<td>
MTM-30896</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>UserGroup list endpoint is now correctly set in @c8y/client library.</td>
<td>
MTM-30900</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>
