---
weight: 27
title: Changes 10.6.6.21 - 10.6.6.24
layout: bundle
---

<!--includes release notes for the releases 10.6.6.9 - 10.6.6.13-->

### Improvements

<table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 10%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td > Details on the functionality of the smart rule “On measurement threshold create alarm” have been updated in <a href="/users-guide/cockpit/#smart-rules-collection" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Smart rules collection</a> in the <em>User guide</em>. </td>
<td>
MTM-34765</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M device client awake time can now be defined in the device managed object if the device does not send it during registration. Preference is given to the client awake time (awaketimeRegistrationParameter) defined in the device managed object. </td>
<td>
MTM-34152</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > A new parameter,  C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout, has been introduced to allow the request timeout to be set at the individual device.  The default value is 10 minutes. The lwm2mRequestTimeout specified at the device managed object and the global C8Y.lwm2mRequestTimeout should always be  less than the C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout value. The order in which these timeouts are used is: first lwm2mRequestTimeout and if that is not defined then the global lwm2mRequestTimeout value is used. </td>
<td>
MTM-34081</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > Added support for old content format codes: TLV (1542) and JSON (1543). </td>
<td>
MTM-36250</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > The smart rule “On measurement threshold create alarm” will create an alarm if the configuration is not valid when the rule is executed. </td>
<td>
MTM-34500</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > A new property "i18Extra" is available for the application options to add custom translations. </td>
<td>
MTM-31545</td>
</tr>

</tr>
</tbody></table>


### Fixes

<table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 10%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The tenant option sms77.api.key  is now prefixed with "credentials." implicitly in order to fetch the correct option value.</td>
<td>
MTM-34362</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > When handling timezones in the tenant usage statistics, the timezone information is now taken into account.</td>
<td>
MTM-35137</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The menu item for the SMS provider setting is now only visible in the navigator if the microservice for the SMS functionality (sms-gateway) is subscribed to the corresponding tenant.</td>
<td>
MTM-35261</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the <b>Inventory</b> tab, a user without relevant permission will no longer see the inventory tree. Moreover, the error message being displayed if a user doesn´t have relevant permissions now shows the correct information. In the <b>Application access</b> tab, a user without relevant permission will no longer be able to edit.</td>
<td>
MTM-33393</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Resolved an issue where SCADA widgets were not rendered correctly, which was caused by old data stored on dashboards.</td>
<td>
MTM-34303</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Filtering in the events list widget no longer ignores the event type set by the user.</td>
<td>
MTM-34482</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed issue occurring on the migration of export schedules. Performing the migration via the UI by clicking <b>Migrate now</b> in the exports page, lead to multiple export mails being sent.</td>
<td>
MTM-34497</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Copying a dashboard from one device to another will now show the correct source.</td>
<td>
MTM-33042</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Fixed an issue where the service responsible for fetching data for a given series was merging multiple requests into a single one. As a result, some charts could display a warning about truncated data even when they contained series with small amount of data.</td>
<td>
MTM-34585</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td > The error message that shows up when a data-broker connector cannot be created now includes details, e.g. the SSL certificate problem with the destination URL.</td>
<td>
MTM-35686</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Device permissions are now correctly resolved after changing the device owner.</td>
<td>
MTM-30410</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > A <b>Load more</b> button has been added to the child devices view for displaying larger numbers of devices.</td>
<td>
MTM-34473</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Fixed an issue where the <b>Measurement</b> tab in the <b>Device details</b> sometimes was not shown.</td>
<td>
MTM-35140</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > After changing/saving the admin user´s phone number in the tenant editor it is now updated correctly in the subtenants.</td>
<td>
MTM-34388</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > LWM2M bootstrap parameters are now displayed on the device details page.</td>
<td>
MTM-32654</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > LWM2M object models are now stored separately for each tenant and should not get overridden when they are loaded again into the LWM2M agent.</td>
<td>
MTM-35000</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The number of pending operation executions in the post-registration process can now be limited. For details, see <a href="/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#post-registration-actions" class="no-ajaxy">LightweightM2M > Handling LWM2M post registration actions</a> in the <em>Protocol integration guide</em>.</td>
<td>
MTM-36082</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > When upgrading from 10.6.0 to 10.6.6 or later version, the LWM2M observations are preserved.</td>
<td>
MTM-35214</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td > Improved MongoDB performance that was impacted when counting documents.</td>
<td>
MTM-35111</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > HTTP POST action request body now is UTF-8 encoded.</td>
<td>
MTM-34487</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Additional validation has been added to check the occurrence of control characters in messages sent by MQTT. 
Allowed characters are "\n \t \r".</td>
<td>
MTM-34174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td > Login with SSO is again possible without the requestOrigin parameter.</td>
<td>
MTM-34221</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smart rules</td>
<td > On creating or updating a "On measurement threshold create alarm" smart rule, validation of global threshold ranges in the Data Point Library has been added.</td>
<td>
MTM-32926</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > Issue fixed when logging in as a support user, once the tenant ID is provided in the user input on the login screen.</td>
<td>
MTM-35125</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > Changed translation for "Cockpit" in Russian. Added translation for "Cookie" section labels in the branding configuration form.</td>
<td>
MTM-33103</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the issue related to the lastDeviceMessage in the SCADA widget which did not display the occurrence of the last communication. Monitoring is now done on the following APIs: /measurements, /events, /operations, /alarms for last communication occurrence.</td>
<td>
MTM-33322</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > It is now possible to load custom widgets written in Angular with Cumulocity IoT Web SDK 10.6.x. The correct config-context is now passed to the widgets.</td>
<td>
MTM-35423</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the following build error "ERROR in node_modules/@c8y/ngx-components/core/forms/schema-form.component.d.ts:2:34 - error TS2307: Cannot find module '@angular/upgrade/static'." which occurred in the Angular applications created with Angular CLI and with added @c8y/cli package.</td>
<td>
MTM-34542</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table>


