---
weight: 27
title: Changes 10.6.6.9
layout: bundle
---


### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 10%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>
<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > A new parameter,  C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout, has been introduced to allow the request timeout to be set at the individual device.  The default value is 10 minutes. The lwm2mRequestTimeout specified at the device managed object and the global C8Y.lwm2mRequestTimeout should always be  less than the C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout value. The order in which these timeouts are used is: first lwm2mRequestTimeout and if that is not defined then the global lwm2mRequestTimeout value is used. </td>
<td>
MTM-34081</td>
</tr>

</tr>
</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 65%;"><col style="width: 10%;"><col style="width: 10%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > The tenant option sms77.api.key  is now prefixed with "credentials." implicitly in order to fetch the correct option value.</td>
<td>
MTM-34362</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > Resolved an issue where SCADA widgets were not rendered correctly, which was caused by old data stored on dashboards.</td>
<td>
MTM-34303</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > Device permissions are now correctly resolved after changing the device owner.</td>
<td>
MTM-30410</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Additional validation has been added to check the occurrence of control characters in messages sent by MQTT. 
Allowed characters are "\n \t \r".</td>
<td>
MTM-34174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td > Fixed the issue related to the lastDeviceMessage in the SCADA widget which did not display the occurrence of the last communication. Monitoring is now done on the following APIs: /measurements, /events, /operations, /alarms for last communication occurrence.</td>
<td>
MTM-33322</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


