---
weight: 37
title: Release 10.11.0.16
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.11.0.13 - 10.11.0.16-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Messaging Service</td>
<td> All Messaging Service components, including the Pulsar server, notifications WebSocket server, and the data broker microservice, have been updated to fix the vulnerabilities in the log4j library reported as CVE-2021-44228 and CVE-2021-45046. </td>
<td>MTM-42838</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> The REST API has been updated to provide the ability to query alarms by filtering using createdFrom=&lt;iso-date-time&gt; and createdTo=&lt;iso-date-time&gt; parameters. </td>
<td>
MTM-42499</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Security</td>
<td> The vulnerable log4j library has been updated to the secure 2.17.1 version. </td>
<td>
MTM-43349</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> To improve the usability, the layout of the <b>New inventory role</b> page has been adjusted and now displays two columns: the name and description for the inventory role on the left, permissions on the right. </td>
<td>
MTM-42548</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
CEP (Esper)</td>
<td> Random blocking of database connection attempts from predefined smart rules has been fixed. </td>
<td>
MTM-41797</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise tenant</td>
<td> On the <b>Branding</b> page the following fields are now mandatory: Main brand logo, Favicon, Main brand color. </td>
<td>
MTM-42893</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td> To improve security, Spring Framework has been upgraded to version 5.3.15 and Spring Security has been upgraded to version 5.6.1.
The upgrade addresses vulnerability issues related to Spring frameworks. </td>
<td>
MTM-43679</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> Fixed a race condition during event binary upload which caused a wrong binary assignment. </td>
<td>
MTM-43591</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
