---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.11.0.1
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.10.1.0 - 10.10.21.0; 10.11.0.0 - 10.11.0.1-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration </td>
<td > Users can now use the <b>User settings</b> dialog to control the collection of usage data and product experience features such as Knowledge Hub and product notifications.</td>
<td>
MTM-37359</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data broker</td>
<td > Reduced the default resource limit for the databroker-agent-server microservice to request 1000mCPU. </td>
<td>
MTM-40043</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td > To improve performance, the default setting for the algorithm to generate database IDs has been changed. This change particularly affects high volume, high concurrency ingestion. </td>
<td>
MTM-33426</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core platform </td>
<td > OpenResty has been upgraded to version 1.19.3. </td>
<td>
MTM-39980</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td > It is now possible to define the number of replicas for a certain microservice in the microservice manifest. See <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/microservice-sdk/concept/#manifest" class="no-ajaxy"<General aspects > Microservice manifest</a> in the <i>Microservice SDK guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-39869</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Security</td>
<td > When creating a new user, it is now mandatory to provide a valid email address. </td>
<td>
MTM-34356</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Security</td>
<td > When creating a new tenant, it is now mandatory to provide a valid administrator email address. </td>
<td>
MTM-34355</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single sign-on</td>
<td > Single sign-on users are managed by an external authorization server, and user details are set based on tokens from the authorization server and mappings from the single sign-on configuration. Some mappings were missing in the previous implementation, i.e. for user email, first name, last name, and phone number. Mappings for these user details have now been added to the configuration.</td>
<td>
MTM-32506</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Smart rules</td>
<td > The smart rules documentation has been updated to indicate that under certain circumstances, e.g. if the time gap between measurements is quite large, the smart rules "On measurement threshold create alarm" and "On measurement explicit threshold create alarm" may raise an incorrect alarm severity. See <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/users-guide/cockpit/#smart-rules" class="no-ajaxy"<Cockpit > Smart rules</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-40164</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td> The SMS-gateway microservice has been updated to use Telefonica Kite API v9. </td>
<td>
MTM-40883</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > Cumulocity IoT will now provide the issuer name to distinguish between different  instances, tenants and other OTC stored in authenticator applications like Google Authenticator or Microsoft Authenticator. </td>
<td>
MTM-39026</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > Breadcrumbs are no longer duplicated on the <b>Simulator</b> page and the <b>SmartRest templates</b> page. The issue occurred since this feature had not been fully migrated to the ngx-component. Now, breadcrumbs in AngularJS can be added in 3 different places/ways:
<br>- c8yBreadcrumbsSet component
<br>- c8yBreadcrumbsProvider by adding breadcrumbs array
<br>- c8yBreadcrumbsProvider by adding function which can be invoked
<br>All breadcrumbs added by AngularJS in one of these ways should now work correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-38693</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > A contact phone number is now required when creating a new tenant to avoid situations in which an administrator cannot log in when TFA by SMS is enabled.</td>
<td>
MTM-39412</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > In the <b>User</b> page, the number of entries in the user list was restricted to 100 items. Now, the user list can show more than 100 users.</td>
<td>
MTM-40458</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td > An issue with asynchronous tenant deletion has been resolved. Previously, when the platform failed to delete one tenant (for example due to database issues), then it stopped processing the deletion of a task. The fix contains handling errors, which now enable the deletion of other tenants to continue. Additionally, after a tenant deletion task failed for tenants, it retries the operation for up to 10 times. If it fails 10 times, then the affected tenant is suspended and an alarm is raised on the Management tenant.</td>
<td>
MTM-40638</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> Fixed a bug that was preventing administrators, logged in using SSO, to change local users email addresses.</td>
<td>
MTM-40875</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Billing</td>
<td > The tracker-agent now uses microservice subscription. The registration  of tenants tracker-agent-{tenantId} is no longer required. A subscription is now required for new tenants using the tracker-agent. Tenants that have already been using tracker-agent will be subscribed automatically.</td>
<td>
MTM-34597</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td > Significantly improved performance when paging the file repository with a large number of inventory binaries.</td>
<td>
MTM-37890</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td > The Japanese version of the UI showed a wrong translation for the "Major" alarm severity. With this fix, the behaviour has been corrected.</td>
<td>
MTM-40111</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > The checkbox that allows subtenants to modify definitions of retention rules or tenant options is now available for Enterprise tenants under <b>Administration</b> > <b>Tenant policies</b>.</td>
<td>
MTM-39494</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Deleting a non-existing tenant will now return a 404 HTTP status code instead of an error 500.</td>
<td>
MTM-38976</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > To avoid issues with the usage of special and control characters when creating tenant options, it is no longer allowed to create tenant options with special HTTP and control characters. See also here for the list of disabled special HTTP characters: <a href="https://secure.n-able.com/webhelp/NC_9-1-0_SO_en/Content/SA_docs/API_Level_Integration/API_Integration_URLEncoding.html" class="no-ajaxy"<https://secure.n-able.com/webhelp/NC_9-1-0_SO_en/Content/SA_docs/API_Level_Integration/API_Integration_URLEncoding.html</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-37683</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> Improved the security for the "/user/currentUser" endpoint - users with SYSTEM role no longer have access to the endpoint.</td>
<td>
MTM-39852</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Security</td>
<td > The following third-party libraries have been upgraded to fix security vulnerabilities:
<br>- dompurify to 2.2.9
<br>- serialize-javascript to 5.0.1
<br>- underscore to 1.13.0
<br>- ini upgraded to 1.3.8, 2.0.0
<br>- three upgraded to 0.128.0
<br>- ssri upgraded to 6.0.2, 8.0.1
<br>- semantic-release dependency has been removed
<br>- dot-prop upgraded to 4.2.1, 5.3.0
<br>- faye-websocket upgraded to 0.11.3</td>
<td>
MTM-39109</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SMS microservice</td>
<td > Sending SMS with the KPN provider returned an error even when the SMS was sent correctly. Improved response handling with the KPN API has been implemented to address this issue.</td>
<td>
MTM-40724</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Two-factor authentication</td>
<td > In the <b>Edit user</b> window (which shows up if you click <b>User settings</b> in the user menu at the top right), the <b>Set up two-factor authentication</b> button will no longer appear, if the user does not have the proper privileges.</td>
<td>
MTM-38374</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > Fixed an issue with the application switcher where the application icon did not change after changing the application version containing the new icon.</td>
<td>
MTM-37944</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
