---
weight: 65
title:  Release 10.5.0.13
---


> **Important for customers deploying and operating their own instance of Cumulocity IoT:** 
> 
> An issue has been identified that can lead to excessive RAM usage which finally leads to problems with the Linux OOM-Killer mechanism. Customers deploying and operating their own instance of Cumulocity IoT, are asked to follow the updated instructions on the configuration of memory settings  described here:
>
>* *Backend installation > Create the Cumulocity environment file > Important configuration items* in the *Multi-node installation guide*.
>* *Operational procedures > Karaf memory considerations* in the *Operations guide*.

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;">
<col style="width: 70%;">
<col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Area</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Jira ticket</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The data points table is now rendered correctly and all display issues have been fixed. </td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-28989
</td>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Device Management</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Control buttons such as <b>Realtime</b> and <b>Refresh</b> are no longer hidden on the device map.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30312</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Sigfox</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The creation of the Sigfox “Service Data Advance” callback template is now based on the networkMetadata contract option to avoid creating failure alarms.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30164</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">LoRa</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The Actility microservice now reflects the correct routing profiles for the current tenant's Thingpark account for each LoRa device registration request.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30064
</td>
</tr>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">CEP</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The font used for the code display when editing a CEP module has been changed. “Caret” will be displayed correctly now when editing texts in Japanese.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30129
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Various</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Issues with high CPU load, when subscriptions of microservices change frequently, introduced in version 10.5.0.9, have been resolved. Tenant usage statistics are now updated three times per day.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">MTM-30342
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
