---
weight: 17
title: Changes 10.5.7.12 - 10.5.7.16
layout: bundle
--- 

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td > The search functionality is now working as intended. When you click on a device in a search result, the device details will open immediately.</td>
<td>
MTM-32742</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td >   The data broker now automatically retries requests which failed because the destination server closed long-lasting idle connections. This fix reduces the possibility to lose requests via data broker.</td>
<td>
MTM-32177</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td >  Fixed an issue where the <b>Measurements</b> tab in Device Management was only visible on reload.</td>
<td>
MTM-32265</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > Default values for light and dark branding colors have been added as placeholders in the tenant customization page.</td>
<td>
MTM-29625</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td > The branding option for changing hover-color now works correctly.</td>
<td>
MTM-31628</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M object details page now displays the correct content when navigating between instances of the same object.</td>
<td>
MTM-32220</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Realtime</td>
<td > When a user is logged in via SSO, the access to the /cep/notification endpoint is no longer prevented.</td>
<td>
MTM-31094</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td > Excel report files are no longer empty when using the "time" parameter in the export. The Excel file now shows the correct data.</td>
<td>
MTM-31620</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single sign-on</td>
<td > Firmware binary files can now be downloaded without issues when a user is logged in via SSO.</td>
<td>
MTM-32121</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table>


