---
weight: 48
title: Release 10.7.0.25
layout: redirect
---

This release upgrades the Apama-ctrl microservice to use Apama 10.5.4.3 (which is the same as Apama 10.5.0 Fix 24).

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody> 
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">An issue has been resolved where a model may time out when it is activating, failing to report either success or a failure. 
This would affect models with a large number of blocks of certain types (mostly input and output blocks) where at least one of the blocks 
cause the model to fail to activate correctly.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2304</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">It is now possible to connect a block with an <code>any</code> output type to a block with a <code>float</code> input type.
Previously, this was incorrectly flagged as an error. As with other such conversions, the type of the value is only checked at runtime.
If a block actually outputs a string, this may fail if the string does not contain a number.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2360</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">An error is now reported on timeouts if an Analytics Builder model does not activate within a reasonable time, 
and further activations are no longer affected.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2386</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The <b>Expression</b> block now supports <code>Value</code> and <code>any</code> type inputs.
These are unpacked to concrete types before evaluating the expression.
Note that this means that the <b>Expression</b> block's type checking is lenient now when it comes to these types of inputs.
So even when your model passes validation, it might fail at runtime if you are trying to do unsupported operations.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2465</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">
The measurement processing performance of the Apama-ctrl microservice was increased by reducing the number of default subscriptions
to the measurement channel. This leads to less work needed to copy the measurement, leading to increased performance (approximately 20%).</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2295</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>






