---
weight: 49
title: Release 10.7.0.22
layout: redirect
---

This release upgrades the Apama-ctrl microservice to use Apama 10.5.4.1 (which is the same as Apama 10.5.0 Fix 22).

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Smart rules and EPL apps</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Smart rules and EPL apps now pick up the tenant options <code>messaging/sms.senderName</code> 
  and <code>messaging/sms.senderAddress</code> to set the sender name and address values used for <code>SendSMS</code> events. 
  In your EPL apps, you can override the tenant options by specifying <code>senderName</code> and <code>senderAddress</code> 
  in the <code>extraParams</code> field of the <code>SendSMS</code> event. <br><br>
  Note that the tenant options are only read when the Apama-ctrl microservice is started. 
  If the tenant options are changed, you must restart the microservice for the new values to take effect. 
  If these tenant options are not defined, the following system default values are used: 
  "Apama" as the sender name and "apama" as the sender address.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2146</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Smart rules and EPL apps</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The Apama threshold smart rules behaved inconsistently with the Esper smart rule implementation.
While the Esper implementation used inclusive matching for the upper end of the red range and the yellow range taking precedence over red, Apama did not.
This issue is now resolved; this is a change of behavior for edge cases for Apama users, in order to maintain compatibility for customers migrating from Esper.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2102</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>






