---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.10.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.9.1.0 - 10.9.5.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > After a LWM2M device is registered against Cumulocity IoT, post registration operations (if specified) will be sent to the device. With this enhancement, only post registration operations which carry a path to an existing LWM2M object on the respective device and operations without a path will be sent. This enhancement optimizes the communication between the platform and the device. </td>
<td>
MTM-36990</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > For an OPC UA device protocol, when setting the option "Limit device protocol to a set of servers", the server ID is now also displayed in the list, and servers can be searched by ID in addition to the name. </td>
<td>
MTM-31660</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The subscription to GeneralModelChangeEventType and SemanticChangeEventType can be enabled or disabled using a property (subscribeModelChangeEvent) while configuring each OPC UA Server. </td>
<td>
MTM-37672</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Improved the HTTP POST retry mechanism by prioritizing the requests, introducing max queue size, no retry HTTP codes. </td>
<td>
MTM-37227</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > To improve performance, the sorting of groups and devices has been changed. The sorting will now be case-sensitive, like for example "AAA BBB CCC aaa bbb..." instead of "aaa AAA bbb CCC ccc...".</td>
<td>
MTM-36844</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring</td>
<td > The availability status of devices could in some circumstances show the wrong information, this has been corrected so that the availability status is now always accurate.</td>
<td>
MTM-36103</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring</td>
<td > Alarms which are related to devices' availability monitoring, are no longer created when the device is not monitored.</td>
<td>
MTM-37863</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M agent did not correctly reflect the status of an operation when it was cancelled in the UI. The agent has been modified to check if an operation has been cancelled before updating the status of that operation.</td>
<td>
MTM-37101</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smartrest 2.0</td>
<td > The SmartRest response template CSV preview is now correctly displaying all data.</td>
<td>
MTM-29297</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
