---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.10.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.9.1.0 - 10.9.13.0; 10.10.0.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Connectivity</td>
<td > The connectivity agent has been extended to support the Telefonica SIM connectivity provider. </td>
<td>
MTM-36877</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring</td>
<td > Audit records will now be created if the device availability is one of: enabled, disabled, the interval assigned to the device has changed, the device is set into maintenance state. </td>
<td>
MTM-36563</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LoRa </td>
<td > LoRa device registration warning messages have been improved in order to provide more accurate information. </td>
<td>
MTM-23215</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LoRa Actility, Sigfox</td>
<td > For more clarity, the <b>Little-endian</b> checkbox will now be disabled if the <b>Number of bits</b> field has a value less than 8, as "little-endian" in this case is not supported. </td>
<td>
MTM-32844</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > After a LWM2M device is registered against Cumulocity IoT, post registration operations (if specified) will be sent to the device. With this enhancement, only post registration operations which carry a path to an existing LWM2M object on the respective device and operations without a path will be sent. This enhancement optimizes the communication between the platform and the device. </td>
<td>
MTM-36990</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The performance for custom LWM2M decoders has been improved by allowing for multiple threads in order to be able to process events in parallel. </td>
<td>
MTM-29681</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The firmware update process is now automatically cancelled when the firmware update operation is deleted. </td>
<td>
MTM-38583</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The OPC UA Java library has been upgraded to Java 11. </td>
<td>
MTM-38045</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > For an OPC UA device protocol, when setting the option "Limit device protocol to a set of servers", the server ID is now also displayed in the list, and servers can be searched by ID in addition to the name. </td>
<td>
MTM-31660</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The subscription to GeneralModelChangeEventType and SemanticChangeEventType can be enabled or disabled using a property (subscribeModelChangeEvent) while configuring each OPC UA Server. </td>
<td>
MTM-37672</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Improved the HTTP POST retry mechanism by prioritizing the requests, introducing max queue size, no retry HTTP codes. </td>
<td>
MTM-37227</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > To optimize performance, alarm mappings are now stored in-memory with a file based backup &amp; recovery mechanism. This is to minimize REST calls to the event API. </td>
<td>
MTM-35291</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > OPC UA now supports regular expressions in browse path mappings. For details, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/opcua/#device-protocols" class="no-ajaxy"<OPC UA > Device protocols</a> and <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/opcua/#rest-api" class="no-ajaxy"<OPC UA > Rest API</a>&gt; in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-38009</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Inventory update processing modes for OPC UA-related managed objects can now be configured in the gateway, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/opcua/##additional-customizations" class="no-ajaxy"<OPC UA > Gateway configuration and registration > Additional customizations</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>.
</td>
<td>
MTM-38279</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Sigfox </td>
<td > When registering a Sigfox device the Sigfox certificate key is validated against the pattern described in https://storage.googleapis.com/public-assets-xd-support-sigfox-production-338901379285/att11606881-Sigfox_ready_end_product_certificate.pdf. If the pattern is incorrect an error message will be shown allowing the user to provide the correct key. </td>
<td>
MTM-38146</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Bulk operations</td>
<td > In the operations section of the bulk operation details, long descriptions broke the correct formatting and visibility of table elements. This has been fixed by limiting/truncating the description text.</td>
<td>
MTM-38433</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Bulk operations</td>
<td > Bulk operations with status EXECUTING have a cancel option. When all single operations had been created and the user tried to cancel the bulk operation an error occurred. This has been resolved by removing the option to cancel a bulk operation when all its single operations have already been created.</td>
<td>
MTM-38907</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Bulk operations</td>
<td > Previously bulk operations that were started but not completed became stuck in platform failover scenarios. A mechanism to resume these bulk operations upon restart has been introduced.</td>
<td>
MTM-38171</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td > The sorting of groups and devices has been changed to be consistent in all places. Previously the sorting of groups and devices in the navigator was not consistent with the sorting in the **Subassets** tab. Now the sorting will be case-sensitive in both cases, for example "AAA BBB CCC aaa bbb..." instead of "aaa AAA bbb CCC ccc...".</td>
<td>
MTM-36844</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring</td>
<td > The availability status of devices could in some circumstances show the wrong information, this has been corrected so that the availability status is now always accurate.</td>
<td>
MTM-36103</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Monitoring</td>
<td > In the case that availability monitoring for a device was deactivated, alarms were still incorrectly being raised to indicate a device was unavailable. This behaviour has now been corrected.</td>
<td>
MTM-37863</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M agent did not correctly reflect the status of an operation when it was cancelled in the UI. The agent has been modified to check if an operation has been cancelled before updating the status of that operation.</td>
<td>
MTM-37101</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td > The LWM2M agent now processes also values that are part of an observe response message.</td>
<td>
MTM-37731</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > The OPC UA UI now correctly shows an error message if the queue size or the sampling interval is too large.</td>
<td>
MTM-37556</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > If measurements overflow the range of a Long while converting from Java BigDecimal we convert them now to Double values.</td>
<td>
MTM-37719</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td > Improved extended node ID parsing with semicolons in the node ID value.</td>
<td>
MTM-37294</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smartrest 2.0</td>
<td > The SmartRest response template CSV preview is now correctly displaying all data.</td>
<td>
MTM-29297</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td > Missing German and French translations for LWM2M device operations in the object tab have been added.</td>
<td>
MTM-37936</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
