---
weight: 60
title: Release 10.9.0
layout: redirect
---

Cumulocity IoT Edge Release 10.9, June 2021, includes the following improvements, fixes and known issues.

Download Cumulocity IoT Edge version 10.9 from [Software AG Empower portal](https://empower.softwareag.com), based on the target hypervisor.

### New installation, configuration and update model

You can now perform the installation, configuration and update of Cumulocity IoT Edge using the GUI and REST APIs. Unlike previous releases, where you had to use the terminal to perform these tasks, in this release you have the option to perform these tasks using the GUI or REST APIs. For more information, see [Installing Cumulocity IoT Edge](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.9.0/edge/installation/) and [Configuring Cumulocity IoT Edge](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.9.0/edge/configuration/).

### Other changes

- HTTP port 80 has been removed

### Deprecation of TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1

Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.0 and 1.1 are formally deprecated as of March 2021. For more information, see https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8996.

This RFC changes the requirement to reject TLS 1.0 and 1.1 from "SHOULD NOT" negotiate these versions to "MUST NOT" negotiate.

The RFC lists the reasons for the deprecation in the “1. Introduction” section. These protocol versions are vulnerable to attacks and no longer considered secure.

The devices that still use TLS 1.0 and 1.1 must be reconfigured to use a minimum of TLS 1.2 or later versions.


For new enhancements in Cumulocity IoT, see [What's new](/release-10-9-0/whatsnew-10-9-0/).

