---
order: 90
layout: redirect
title: Logging Configuration
---

Logging in the Java client SDK is handled through [slf4j](http://www.slf4j.org/) with a [logback](http://logback.qos.ch) backend. For a detailed description on how to use and configure logging, see the logback [documentation](http://logback.qos.ch/documentation.html).

Since version 0.11, the default logging level of the SDK is set to "Error" for all components, which means that logging messages are suppressed unless their level is "Error". If everything runs smoothly, there should be no log messages generated by the SDK. By default, log messages are sent to the console only.

The default logging configuration can be changed by providing a new configuration file. Two methods for providing the configuration file are discussed here: via an absolute filename passed using a system property; and via an OSGi fragment. Note that both of these methods **override** the default behaviour, rather than extending it.

### Configuration via System Property

The absolute path to a logging configuration file can be passed using the following system property:

    -Dlogback.configurationFile=/path/to/config.xml

In Eclipse, this property should be added on the *Arguments-\>VM Arguments* of the *Run Configuration* window.

### Configuration via OSGi Fragment Bundle

A more flexible approach is to provide the logger configuration via an OSGi bundle that can be deployed along with the client. From within Eclipse, the fragment can be generated as follows:

1.  Create a new project of type "*Fragment Project*" called "*LogConfig*"
    -   Target to run with: an OSGi framework
    -   Host plugin ID: **ch.qos.logback.classic**

2.  Add a file called *logback.xml* to the root of the new project. This file will contain the logging configuratiom.
3.  Edit the MANIFEST.MF file and add the following:
    -   On the *Build* page add the *logback.xml* file to the *Binary Build*

4.  On the *Bundles* page of the *Run Configuration *dialog of the Java client project:
    -   Select the *LogConfig* bundle
    -   Deselect the *com.nsn.cumulocity.platform-services.sdk.logging-config* bundle

### Simple Logging Configuration

The following example shows how to enable debug-level logging for a single component, called "*com.cumulocity.javaclient*", whilst keeping error-level logging for all other components. The following code snippet shows how to create the logger, and to log a message:

    Logger logger = LoggerFactory.getLogger("com.cumulocity.javaclient");logger.debug("A debug message");

The configuration file looks like this:

	<configuration>
		<appender name="STDOUT" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
			<encoder><pattern>%d{HH:mm:ss.SSS} [%thread] %-5level %logger{36} - %msg%n</pattern></encoder>
		</appender>
		<logger name="com.cumulocity.javaclient" level="debug"/>
		<root level="error"><appender-ref ref="STDOUT" /></root>
	</configuration>

When the code is run, the console should contain a message similar to the following:

    21:52:02.790 [Start Level Event Dispatcher] DEBUG com.cumulocity.javaclient - A debug message